---
title: Ref Return Values
ms.date: 04/28/2017
helpviewer_keywords:
- variables [Visual Basic]
- ref return values [Visual Basic]
- ref returns [Visual Basic]
ms.assetid: 5ef0cc69-eb3a-4a67-92a2-78585f223cb5
ms.openlocfilehash: 2d2a302a899fbde549161469f281d3e580bcb71f
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74352541"
---
# <a name="support-for-reference-return-values-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="13123-102">Support for reference return values (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-102">Support for reference return values (Visual Basic)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13123-103">Starting with C# 7.0, the C# language supports *reference return values*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-103">Starting with C# 7.0, the C# language supports *reference return values*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-104">One way to understand reference return values is that they are the opposite of arguments that are passed by reference to a method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-104">One way to understand reference return values is that they are the opposite of arguments that are passed by reference to a method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-105">When an argument passed by reference is modified, the changes are reflected in value of the variable on the caller.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-105">When an argument passed by reference is modified, the changes are reflected in value of the variable on the caller.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-106">When an method provides a reference return value to a caller, modifications made to the reference return value by the caller are reflected in the called method's data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-106">When an method provides a reference return value to a caller, modifications made to the reference return value by the caller are reflected in the called method's data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13123-107">Visual Basic does not allow you to author methods with reference return values, but it does allow you to consume reference return values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-107">Visual Basic does not allow you to author methods with reference return values, but it does allow you to consume reference return values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-108">In other words, you can call a method with a reference return value and modify that return value, and changes to the reference return value are reflected in the called method's data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-108">In other words, you can call a method with a reference return value and modify that return value, and changes to the reference return value are reflected in the called method's data.</span></span>

## <a name="modifying-the-ref-return-value-directly"></a><span data-ttu-id="13123-109">Modifying the ref return value directly</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-109">Modifying the ref return value directly</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13123-110">For methods that always succeed and have no `ByRef` parameters, you can modify the reference return value directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-110">For methods that always succeed and have no `ByRef` parameters, you can modify the reference return value directly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-111">You do this by assigning the new value to the expressions that returns the reference return value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-111">You do this by assigning the new value to the expressions that returns the reference return value.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13123-112">The following C# example defines a `NumericValue.IncrementValue` method that increments an internal value and returns it as a reference return value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-112">The following C# example defines a `NumericValue.IncrementValue` method that increments an internal value and returns it as a reference return value.</span></span>

[!code-csharp[Ref-Return](../../../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/programming-guide/language-features/procedures/ref-returns1.cs)]

<span data-ttu-id="13123-113">The reference return value is then modified by the caller in the following Visual Basic example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-113">The reference return value is then modified by the caller in the following Visual Basic example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-114">Note that the line with the `NumericValue.IncrementValue` method call does not assign a value to the method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-114">Note that the line with the `NumericValue.IncrementValue` method call does not assign a value to the method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-115">Instead, it assigns a value to the reference return value returned by the method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-115">Instead, it assigns a value to the reference return value returned by the method.</span></span>

[!code-vb[Ref-Return](../../../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/programming-guide/language-features/procedures/use-ref-returns1.vb)]

## <a name="using-a-helper-method"></a><span data-ttu-id="13123-116">Using a helper method</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-116">Using a helper method</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13123-117">In other cases, modifying the reference return value of a method call directly may not always be desirable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-117">In other cases, modifying the reference return value of a method call directly may not always be desirable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-118">For example, a search method that returns a string may not always find a match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-118">For example, a search method that returns a string may not always find a match.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-119">In that case, you want to modify the reference return value only if the search is successful.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-119">In that case, you want to modify the reference return value only if the search is successful.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13123-120">The following C# example illustrates this scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-120">The following C# example illustrates this scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-121">It defines a `Sentence` class written in C# includes a `FindNext` method that finds the next word in a sentence that begins with a specified substring.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-121">It defines a `Sentence` class written in C# includes a `FindNext` method that finds the next word in a sentence that begins with a specified substring.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-122">Строка возвращается как значение, возвращаемое по ссылке, а переменная `Boolean`, переданная в метод по ссылке, показывает, дал ли поиск какие-то результаты.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-122">The string is returned as a reference return value, and a `Boolean` variable passed by reference to the method indicates whether the search was successful.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-123">The reference return value indicates that the caller can not only read the returned value; he or she can also modify it, and that modification is reflected in the data contained internally in the `Sentence` class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-123">The reference return value indicates that the caller can not only read the returned value; he or she can also modify it, and that modification is reflected in the data contained internally in the `Sentence` class.</span></span>

[!code-csharp[Ref-Return](../../../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/getting-started/ref-returns.cs)]

<span data-ttu-id="13123-124">Directly modifying the reference return value in this case is not reliable, since the method call may fail to find a match and return the first word in the sentence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-124">Directly modifying the reference return value in this case is not reliable, since the method call may fail to find a match and return the first word in the sentence.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-125">In that case, the caller will inadvertently modify the first word of the sentence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-125">In that case, the caller will inadvertently modify the first word of the sentence.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-126">This could be prevented by the caller returning a `null` (or `Nothing` in Visual Basic).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-126">This could be prevented by the caller returning a `null` (or `Nothing` in Visual Basic).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-127">But in that case, attempting to modify a string whose value is `Nothing` throws a <xref:System.NullReferenceException>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-127">But in that case, attempting to modify a string whose value is `Nothing` throws a <xref:System.NullReferenceException>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-128">If could also be prevented by the caller returning <xref:System.String.Empty?displayProperty=nameWithType>, but this requires that the caller define a string variable whose value is <xref:System.String.Empty?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-128">If could also be prevented by the caller returning <xref:System.String.Empty?displayProperty=nameWithType>, but this requires that the caller define a string variable whose value is <xref:System.String.Empty?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-129">While the caller can modify that string, the modification itself serves no purpose, since the modified string has no relationship to the words in the sentence stored by the `Sentence` class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-129">While the caller can modify that string, the modification itself serves no purpose, since the modified string has no relationship to the words in the sentence stored by the `Sentence` class.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="13123-130">The best way to handle this scenario is to pass the reference return value by reference to a helper method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-130">The best way to handle this scenario is to pass the reference return value by reference to a helper method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-131">The helper method then contains the logic to determine whether the method call succeeded and, if it did, to modify the reference return value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-131">The helper method then contains the logic to determine whether the method call succeeded and, if it did, to modify the reference return value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="13123-132">The following example provides a possible implementation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-132">The following example provides a possible implementation.</span></span>

[!code-vb[Ref-Return](../../../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/getting-started/ref-return-helper.vb#1)]

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="13123-133">См. также</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-133">See also</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="13123-134">Passing arguments by value and by reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-134">Passing arguments by value and by reference</span></span>](passing-arguments-by-value-and-by-reference.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="13123-135">Процедуры в Visual Basic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="13123-135">Procedures in Visual Basic</span></span>](index.md)
