---
title: Метод ICorProfilerInfo2::DoStackSnapshot
ms.date: 03/30/2017
api_name:
- ICorProfilerInfo2.DoStackSnapshot
api_location:
- mscorwks.dll
api_type:
- COM
f1_keywords:
- ICorProfilerInfo2::DoStackSnapshot
helpviewer_keywords:
- ICorProfilerInfo2::DoStackSnapshot method [.NET Framework profiling]
- DoStackSnapshot method [.NET Framework profiling]
ms.assetid: 287b11e9-7c52-4a13-ba97-751203fa97f4
topic_type:
- apiref
ms.openlocfilehash: 64bcf6ee58d743a26e31c49a425f36cc808b5080
ms.sourcegitcommit: 9a39f2a06f110c9c7ca54ba216900d038aa14ef3
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/23/2019
ms.locfileid: "74426826"
---
# <a name="icorprofilerinfo2dostacksnapshot-method"></a><span data-ttu-id="da4a1-102">Метод ICorProfilerInfo2::DoStackSnapshot</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-102">ICorProfilerInfo2::DoStackSnapshot Method</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="da4a1-103">Walks the managed frames on the stack for the specified thread, and sends information to the profiler through a callback.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-103">Walks the managed frames on the stack for the specified thread, and sends information to the profiler through a callback.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="syntax"></a><span data-ttu-id="da4a1-104">Синтаксис</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-104">Syntax</span></span>  
  
```cpp  
HRESULT DoStackSnapshot(  
    [in] ThreadID thread,  
    [in] StackSnapshotCallback *callback,  
    [in] ULONG32 infoFlags,  
    [in] void *clientData,  
    [in, size_is(contextSize), length_is(contextSize)] BYTE context[],  
    [in] ULONG32 contextSize);  
```  
  
## <a name="parameters"></a><span data-ttu-id="da4a1-105">Параметры</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-105">Parameters</span></span>  
 `thread`  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-106">[in] The ID of the target thread.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-106">[in] The ID of the target thread.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-107">Passing null in `thread` yields a snapshot of the current thread.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-107">Passing null in `thread` yields a snapshot of the current thread.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-108">If a `ThreadID` of a different thread is passed, the common language runtime (CLR) suspends that thread, performs the snapshot, and resumes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-108">If a `ThreadID` of a different thread is passed, the common language runtime (CLR) suspends that thread, performs the snapshot, and resumes.</span></span>  
  
 `callback`  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-109">[in] A pointer to the implementation of the [StackSnapshotCallback](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/stacksnapshotcallback-function.md) method, which is called by the CLR to provide the profiler with information on each managed frame and each run of unmanaged frames.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-109">[in] A pointer to the implementation of the [StackSnapshotCallback](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/stacksnapshotcallback-function.md) method, which is called by the CLR to provide the profiler with information on each managed frame and each run of unmanaged frames.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-110">The `StackSnapshotCallback` method is implemented by the profiler writer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-110">The `StackSnapshotCallback` method is implemented by the profiler writer.</span></span>  
  
 `infoFlags`  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-111">[in] A value of the [COR_PRF_SNAPSHOT_INFO](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/cor-prf-snapshot-info-enumeration.md) enumeration, which specifies the amount of data to be passed back for each frame by `StackSnapshotCallback`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-111">[in] A value of the [COR_PRF_SNAPSHOT_INFO](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/cor-prf-snapshot-info-enumeration.md) enumeration, which specifies the amount of data to be passed back for each frame by `StackSnapshotCallback`.</span></span>  
  
 `clientData`  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-112">[in] A pointer to the client data, which is passed straight through to the `StackSnapshotCallback` callback function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-112">[in] A pointer to the client data, which is passed straight through to the `StackSnapshotCallback` callback function.</span></span>  
  
 `context`  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-113">[in] A pointer to a Win32 `CONTEXT` structure, which is used to seed the stack walk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-113">[in] A pointer to a Win32 `CONTEXT` structure, which is used to seed the stack walk.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-114">The Win32 `CONTEXT` structure contains values of the CPU registers and represents the state of the CPU at a particular moment in time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-114">The Win32 `CONTEXT` structure contains values of the CPU registers and represents the state of the CPU at a particular moment in time.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-115">The seed helps the CLR determine where to begin the stack walk, if the top of the stack is unmanaged helper code; otherwise, the seed is ignored.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-115">The seed helps the CLR determine where to begin the stack walk, if the top of the stack is unmanaged helper code; otherwise, the seed is ignored.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-116">A seed must be supplied for an asynchronous walk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-116">A seed must be supplied for an asynchronous walk.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-117">If you are doing a synchronous walk, no seed is necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-117">If you are doing a synchronous walk, no seed is necessary.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-118">The `context` parameter is valid only if the COR_PRF_SNAPSHOT_CONTEXT flag was passed in the `infoFlags` parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-118">The `context` parameter is valid only if the COR_PRF_SNAPSHOT_CONTEXT flag was passed in the `infoFlags` parameter.</span></span>  
  
 `contextSize`  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-119">[in] The size of the `CONTEXT` structure, which is referenced by the `context` parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-119">[in] The size of the `CONTEXT` structure, which is referenced by the `context` parameter.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="remarks"></a><span data-ttu-id="da4a1-120">Заметки</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-120">Remarks</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-121">Passing null for `thread` yields a snapshot of the current thread.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-121">Passing null for `thread` yields a snapshot of the current thread.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-122">Snapshots can be taken of other threads only if the target thread is suspended at the time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-122">Snapshots can be taken of other threads only if the target thread is suspended at the time.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-123">When the profiler wants to walk the stack, it calls `DoStackSnapshot`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-123">When the profiler wants to walk the stack, it calls `DoStackSnapshot`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-124">Before the CLR returns from that call, it calls your `StackSnapshotCallback` several times, once for each managed frame (or run of unmanaged frames) on the stack.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-124">Before the CLR returns from that call, it calls your `StackSnapshotCallback` several times, once for each managed frame (or run of unmanaged frames) on the stack.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-125">When unmanaged frames are encountered, you must walk them yourself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-125">When unmanaged frames are encountered, you must walk them yourself.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-126">The order in which the stack is walked is the reverse of how the frames were pushed onto the stack: leaf (last-pushed) frame first, main (first-pushed) frame last.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-126">The order in which the stack is walked is the reverse of how the frames were pushed onto the stack: leaf (last-pushed) frame first, main (first-pushed) frame last.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-127">For more information about how to program the profiler to walk managed stacks, see [Profiler Stack Walking in the .NET Framework 2.0: Basics and Beyond](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=73638).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-127">For more information about how to program the profiler to walk managed stacks, see [Profiler Stack Walking in the .NET Framework 2.0: Basics and Beyond](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=73638).</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-128">A stack walk can be synchronous or asynchronous, as explained in the following sections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-128">A stack walk can be synchronous or asynchronous, as explained in the following sections.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="synchronous-stack-walk"></a><span data-ttu-id="da4a1-129">Synchronous Stack Walk</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-129">Synchronous Stack Walk</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-130">A synchronous stack walk involves walking the stack of the current thread in response to a callback.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-130">A synchronous stack walk involves walking the stack of the current thread in response to a callback.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-131">It does not require seeding or suspending.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-131">It does not require seeding or suspending.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-132">You make a synchronous call when, in response to the CLR calling one of your profiler's [ICorProfilerCallback](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilercallback-interface.md) (or [ICorProfilerCallback2](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilercallback2-interface.md)) methods, you call `DoStackSnapshot` to walk the stack of the current thread.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-132">You make a synchronous call when, in response to the CLR calling one of your profiler's [ICorProfilerCallback](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilercallback-interface.md) (or [ICorProfilerCallback2](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilercallback2-interface.md)) methods, you call `DoStackSnapshot` to walk the stack of the current thread.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-133">This is useful when you want to see what the stack looks like at a notification such as [ICorProfilerCallback::ObjectAllocated](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilercallback-objectallocated-method.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-133">This is useful when you want to see what the stack looks like at a notification such as [ICorProfilerCallback::ObjectAllocated](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilercallback-objectallocated-method.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-134">You just call `DoStackSnapshot` from within your `ICorProfilerCallback` method, passing null in the `context` and `thread` parameters.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-134">You just call `DoStackSnapshot` from within your `ICorProfilerCallback` method, passing null in the `context` and `thread` parameters.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="asynchronous-stack-walk"></a><span data-ttu-id="da4a1-135">Asynchronous Stack Walk</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-135">Asynchronous Stack Walk</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-136">An asynchronous stack walk entails walking the stack of a different thread, or walking the stack of the current thread, not in response to a callback, but by hijacking the current thread's instruction pointer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-136">An asynchronous stack walk entails walking the stack of a different thread, or walking the stack of the current thread, not in response to a callback, but by hijacking the current thread's instruction pointer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-137">An asynchronous walk requires a seed if the top of the stack is unmanaged code that is not part of a platform invoke (PInvoke) or COM call, but helper code in the CLR itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-137">An asynchronous walk requires a seed if the top of the stack is unmanaged code that is not part of a platform invoke (PInvoke) or COM call, but helper code in the CLR itself.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-138">For example, code that does just-in-time (JIT) compiling or garbage collection is helper code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-138">For example, code that does just-in-time (JIT) compiling or garbage collection is helper code.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-139">You obtain a seed by directly suspending the target thread and walking its stack yourself, until you find the topmost managed frame.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-139">You obtain a seed by directly suspending the target thread and walking its stack yourself, until you find the topmost managed frame.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-140">After the target thread is suspended, get the target thread's current register context.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-140">After the target thread is suspended, get the target thread's current register context.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-141">Next, determine whether the register context points to unmanaged code by calling [ICorProfilerInfo::GetFunctionFromIP](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo-getfunctionfromip-method.md) — if it returns a `FunctionID` equal to zero, the frame is unmanaged code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-141">Next, determine whether the register context points to unmanaged code by calling [ICorProfilerInfo::GetFunctionFromIP](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo-getfunctionfromip-method.md) — if it returns a `FunctionID` equal to zero, the frame is unmanaged code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-142">Now, walk the stack until you reach the first managed frame, and then calculate the seed context based on the register context for that frame.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-142">Now, walk the stack until you reach the first managed frame, and then calculate the seed context based on the register context for that frame.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-143">Call `DoStackSnapshot` with your seed context to begin the asynchronous stack walk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-143">Call `DoStackSnapshot` with your seed context to begin the asynchronous stack walk.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-144">If you do not supply a seed, `DoStackSnapshot` might skip managed frames at the top of the stack and, consequently, will give you an incomplete stack walk.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-144">If you do not supply a seed, `DoStackSnapshot` might skip managed frames at the top of the stack and, consequently, will give you an incomplete stack walk.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-145">If you do supply a seed, it must point to JIT-compiled or Native Image Generator (Ngen.exe)-generated code; otherwise, `DoStackSnapshot` returns the failure code, CORPROF_E_STACKSNAPSHOT_UNMANAGED_CTX.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-145">If you do supply a seed, it must point to JIT-compiled or Native Image Generator (Ngen.exe)-generated code; otherwise, `DoStackSnapshot` returns the failure code, CORPROF_E_STACKSNAPSHOT_UNMANAGED_CTX.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-146">Asynchronous stack walks can easily cause deadlocks or access violations, unless you follow these guidelines:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-146">Asynchronous stack walks can easily cause deadlocks or access violations, unless you follow these guidelines:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-147">When you directly suspend threads, remember that only a thread that has never run managed code can suspend another thread.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-147">When you directly suspend threads, remember that only a thread that has never run managed code can suspend another thread.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-148">Always block in your [ICorProfilerCallback::ThreadDestroyed](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilercallback-threaddestroyed-method.md) callback until that thread's stack walk is complete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-148">Always block in your [ICorProfilerCallback::ThreadDestroyed](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilercallback-threaddestroyed-method.md) callback until that thread's stack walk is complete.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-149">Do not hold a lock while your profiler calls into a CLR function that can trigger a garbage collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-149">Do not hold a lock while your profiler calls into a CLR function that can trigger a garbage collection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-150">That is, do not hold a lock if the owning thread might make a call that triggers a garbage collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-150">That is, do not hold a lock if the owning thread might make a call that triggers a garbage collection.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-151">There is also a risk of deadlock if you call `DoStackSnapshot` from a thread that your profiler has created so that you can walk the stack of a separate target thread.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-151">There is also a risk of deadlock if you call `DoStackSnapshot` from a thread that your profiler has created so that you can walk the stack of a separate target thread.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-152">The first time the thread you created enters certain `ICorProfilerInfo*` methods (including `DoStackSnapshot`), the CLR will perform per-thread, CLR-specific initialization on that thread.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-152">The first time the thread you created enters certain `ICorProfilerInfo*` methods (including `DoStackSnapshot`), the CLR will perform per-thread, CLR-specific initialization on that thread.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-153">If your profiler has suspended the target thread whose stack you are trying to walk, and if that target thread happened to own a lock necessary for performing this per-thread initialization, a deadlock will occur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-153">If your profiler has suspended the target thread whose stack you are trying to walk, and if that target thread happened to own a lock necessary for performing this per-thread initialization, a deadlock will occur.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-154">To avoid this deadlock, make an initial call into `DoStackSnapshot` from your profiler-created thread to walk a separate target thread, but do not suspend the target thread first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-154">To avoid this deadlock, make an initial call into `DoStackSnapshot` from your profiler-created thread to walk a separate target thread, but do not suspend the target thread first.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-155">This initial call ensures that the per-thread initialization can complete without deadlock.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-155">This initial call ensures that the per-thread initialization can complete without deadlock.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-156">If `DoStackSnapshot` succeeds and reports at least one frame, after that point, it will be safe for that profiler-created thread to suspend any target thread and call `DoStackSnapshot` to walk the stack of that target thread.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-156">If `DoStackSnapshot` succeeds and reports at least one frame, after that point, it will be safe for that profiler-created thread to suspend any target thread and call `DoStackSnapshot` to walk the stack of that target thread.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="requirements"></a><span data-ttu-id="da4a1-157">Требования</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-157">Requirements</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-158">**Платформы:** см. раздел [Требования к системе](../../../../docs/framework/get-started/system-requirements.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-158">**Platforms:** See [System Requirements](../../../../docs/framework/get-started/system-requirements.md).</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-159">**Заголовок:** CorProf.idl, CorProf.h</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-159">**Header:** CorProf.idl, CorProf.h</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-160">**Библиотека:** CorGuids.lib</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-160">**Library:** CorGuids.lib</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="da4a1-161">**Версии платформы .NET Framework:** [!INCLUDE[net_current_v20plus](../../../../includes/net-current-v20plus-md.md)]</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-161">**.NET Framework Versions:** [!INCLUDE[net_current_v20plus](../../../../includes/net-current-v20plus-md.md)]</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="da4a1-162">См. также</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-162">See also</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="da4a1-163">Интерфейс ICorProfilerInfo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-163">ICorProfilerInfo Interface</span></span>](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo-interface.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="da4a1-164">Интерфейс ICorProfilerInfo2</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="da4a1-164">ICorProfilerInfo2 Interface</span></span>](../../../../docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo2-interface.md)
