---
title: Анонимные типы
ms.date: 07/20/2015
f1_keywords:
- vb.AnonymousType
helpviewer_keywords:
- anonymous types [Visual Basic], about anonymous types
- anonymous types [Visual Basic]
- types [Visual Basic], anonymous
ms.assetid: 7b87532c-4b3e-4398-8503-6ea9d67574a4
ms.openlocfilehash: 064c43274069be3951f816eaafafac0bbece7651
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74347163"
---
# <a name="anonymous-types-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="8af6c-102">Анонимные типы (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-102">Anonymous Types (Visual Basic)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="8af6c-103">Visual Basic supports anonymous types, which enable you to create objects without writing a class definition for the data type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-103">Visual Basic supports anonymous types, which enable you to create objects without writing a class definition for the data type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-104">Вместо этого компилятор создает класс для вас.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-104">Instead, the compiler generates a class for you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-105">The class has no usable name, inherits directly from <xref:System.Object>, and contains the properties you specify in declaring the object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-105">The class has no usable name, inherits directly from <xref:System.Object>, and contains the properties you specify in declaring the object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-106">Because the name of the data type is not specified, it is referred to as an *anonymous type*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-106">Because the name of the data type is not specified, it is referred to as an *anonymous type*.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-107">The following example declares and creates variable `product` as an instance of an anonymous type that has two properties, `Name` and `Price`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-107">The following example declares and creates variable `product` as an instance of an anonymous type that has two properties, `Name` and `Price`.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#1](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#1)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-108">A *query expression* uses anonymous types to combine columns of data selected by a query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-108">A *query expression* uses anonymous types to combine columns of data selected by a query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-109">You cannot define the type of the result in advance, because you cannot predict the columns a particular query might select.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-109">You cannot define the type of the result in advance, because you cannot predict the columns a particular query might select.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-110">Anonymous types enable you to write a query that selects any number of columns, in any order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-110">Anonymous types enable you to write a query that selects any number of columns, in any order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-111">The compiler creates a data type that matches the specified properties and the specified order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-111">The compiler creates a data type that matches the specified properties and the specified order.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-112">In the following examples, `products` is a list of product objects, each of which has many properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-112">In the following examples, `products` is a list of product objects, each of which has many properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-113">Variable `namePriceQuery` holds the definition of a query that, when it is executed, returns a collection of instances of an anonymous type that has two properties, `Name` and `Price`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-113">Variable `namePriceQuery` holds the definition of a query that, when it is executed, returns a collection of instances of an anonymous type that has two properties, `Name` and `Price`.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#2](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#2)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-114">Variable `nameQuantityQuery` holds the definition of a query that, when it is executed, returns a collection of instances of an anonymous type that has two properties, `Name` and `OnHand`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-114">Variable `nameQuantityQuery` holds the definition of a query that, when it is executed, returns a collection of instances of an anonymous type that has two properties, `Name` and `OnHand`.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#3](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#3)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-115">For more information about the code created by the compiler for an anonymous type, see [Anonymous Type Definition](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/anonymous-type-definition.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-115">For more information about the code created by the compiler for an anonymous type, see [Anonymous Type Definition](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/anonymous-type-definition.md).</span></span>  
  
> [!CAUTION]
> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-116">The name of the anonymous type is compiler generated and may vary from compilation to compilation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-116">The name of the anonymous type is compiler generated and may vary from compilation to compilation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-117">Your code should not use or rely on the name of an anonymous type because the name might change when a project is recompiled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-117">Your code should not use or rely on the name of an anonymous type because the name might change when a project is recompiled.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="declaring-an-anonymous-type"></a><span data-ttu-id="8af6c-118">Declaring an Anonymous Type</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-118">Declaring an Anonymous Type</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-119">The declaration of an instance of an anonymous type uses an initializer list to specify the properties of the type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-119">The declaration of an instance of an anonymous type uses an initializer list to specify the properties of the type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-120">You can specify only properties when you declare an anonymous type, not other class elements such as methods or events.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-120">You can specify only properties when you declare an anonymous type, not other class elements such as methods or events.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-121">In the following example, `product1` is an instance of an anonymous type that has two properties: `Name` and `Price`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-121">In the following example, `product1` is an instance of an anonymous type that has two properties: `Name` and `Price`.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#4](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#4)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-122">If you designate properties as key properties, you can use them to compare two anonymous type instances for equality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-122">If you designate properties as key properties, you can use them to compare two anonymous type instances for equality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-123">However, the values of key properties cannot be changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-123">However, the values of key properties cannot be changed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-124">See the Key Properties section later in this topic for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-124">See the Key Properties section later in this topic for more information.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-125">Notice that declaring an instance of an anonymous type is like declaring an instance of a named type by using an object initializer:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-125">Notice that declaring an instance of an anonymous type is like declaring an instance of a named type by using an object initializer:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#5](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#5)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-126">For more information about other ways to specify anonymous type properties, see [How to: Infer Property Names and Types in Anonymous Type Declarations](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-infer-property-names-and-types-in-anonymous-type-declarations.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-126">For more information about other ways to specify anonymous type properties, see [How to: Infer Property Names and Types in Anonymous Type Declarations](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-infer-property-names-and-types-in-anonymous-type-declarations.md).</span></span>  
  
## <a name="key-properties"></a><span data-ttu-id="8af6c-127">Ключевые свойства</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-127">Key Properties</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-128">Key properties differ from non-key properties in several fundamental ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-128">Key properties differ from non-key properties in several fundamental ways:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-129">Only the values of key properties are compared in order to determine whether two instances are equal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-129">Only the values of key properties are compared in order to determine whether two instances are equal.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-130">The values of key properties are read-only and cannot be changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-130">The values of key properties are read-only and cannot be changed.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-131">Only key property values are included in the compiler-generated hash code algorithm for an anonymous type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-131">Only key property values are included in the compiler-generated hash code algorithm for an anonymous type.</span></span>  
  
### <a name="equality"></a><span data-ttu-id="8af6c-132">Равенство</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-132">Equality</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-133">Instances of anonymous types can be equal only if they are instances of the same anonymous type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-133">Instances of anonymous types can be equal only if they are instances of the same anonymous type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-134">The compiler treats two instances as instances of the same type if they meet the following conditions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-134">The compiler treats two instances as instances of the same type if they meet the following conditions:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-135">They are declared in the same assembly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-135">They are declared in the same assembly.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-136">Their properties have the same names, the same inferred types, and are declared in the same order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-136">Their properties have the same names, the same inferred types, and are declared in the same order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-137">Name comparisons are not case-sensitive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-137">Name comparisons are not case-sensitive.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-138">The same properties in each are marked as key properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-138">The same properties in each are marked as key properties.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-139">At least one property in each declaration is a key property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-139">At least one property in each declaration is a key property.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-140">An instance of an anonymous types that has no key properties is equal only to itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-140">An instance of an anonymous types that has no key properties is equal only to itself.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#6](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#6)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-141">Two instances of the same anonymous type are equal if the values of their key properties are equal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-141">Two instances of the same anonymous type are equal if the values of their key properties are equal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-142">The following examples illustrate how equality is tested.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-142">The following examples illustrate how equality is tested.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#7](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#7)]  
  
### <a name="read-only-values"></a><span data-ttu-id="8af6c-143">Read-Only Values</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-143">Read-Only Values</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-144">The values of key properties cannot be changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-144">The values of key properties cannot be changed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-145">For example, in `prod8` in the previous example, the `Name` and `Price` fields are `read-only`, but `OnHand` can be changed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-145">For example, in `prod8` in the previous example, the `Name` and `Price` fields are `read-only`, but `OnHand` can be changed.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#8](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#8)]  
  
## <a name="anonymous-types-from-query-expressions"></a><span data-ttu-id="8af6c-146">Anonymous Types from Query Expressions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-146">Anonymous Types from Query Expressions</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-147">Query expressions do not always require the creation of anonymous types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-147">Query expressions do not always require the creation of anonymous types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-148">When possible, they use an existing type to hold the column data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-148">When possible, they use an existing type to hold the column data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-149">This occurs when the query returns either whole records from the data source, or only one field from each record.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-149">This occurs when the query returns either whole records from the data source, or only one field from each record.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-150">In the following code examples, `customers` is a collection of objects of a `Customer` class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-150">In the following code examples, `customers` is a collection of objects of a `Customer` class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-151">The class has many properties, and you can include one or more of them in the query result, in any order.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-151">The class has many properties, and you can include one or more of them in the query result, in any order.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-152">In the first two examples, no anonymous types are required because the queries select elements of named types:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-152">In the first two examples, no anonymous types are required because the queries select elements of named types:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-153">`custs1` contains a collection of strings, because `cust.Name` is a string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-153">`custs1` contains a collection of strings, because `cust.Name` is a string.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#30](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class2.vb#30)]  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-154">`custs2` contains a collection of `Customer` objects, because each element of `customers` is a `Customer` object, and the whole element is selected by the query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-154">`custs2` contains a collection of `Customer` objects, because each element of `customers` is a `Customer` object, and the whole element is selected by the query.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#31](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class2.vb#31)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-155">However, appropriate named types are not always available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-155">However, appropriate named types are not always available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-156">You might want to select customer names and addresses for one purpose, customer ID numbers and locations for another, and customer names, addresses, and order histories for a third.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-156">You might want to select customer names and addresses for one purpose, customer ID numbers and locations for another, and customer names, addresses, and order histories for a third.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-157">Anonymous types enable you to select any combination of properties, in any order, without first declaring a new named type to hold the result.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-157">Anonymous types enable you to select any combination of properties, in any order, without first declaring a new named type to hold the result.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-158">Instead, the compiler creates an anonymous type for each compilation of properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-158">Instead, the compiler creates an anonymous type for each compilation of properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-159">The following query selects only the customer's name and ID number from each `Customer` object in `customers`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-159">The following query selects only the customer's name and ID number from each `Customer` object in `customers`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-160">Therefore, the compiler creates an anonymous type that contains only those two properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-160">Therefore, the compiler creates an anonymous type that contains only those two properties.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTYpes#32](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class2.vb#32)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-161">Both the names and the data types of the properties in the anonymous type are taken from the arguments to `Select`, `cust.Name` and `cust.ID`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-161">Both the names and the data types of the properties in the anonymous type are taken from the arguments to `Select`, `cust.Name` and `cust.ID`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-162">The properties in an anonymous type that is created by a query are always key properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-162">The properties in an anonymous type that is created by a query are always key properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-163">When `custs3` is executed in the following `For Each` loop, the result is a collection of instances of an anonymous type with two key properties, `Name` and `ID`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-163">When `custs3` is executed in the following `For Each` loop, the result is a collection of instances of an anonymous type with two key properties, `Name` and `ID`.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#33](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class2.vb#33)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-164">The elements in the collection represented by `custs3` are strongly typed, and you can use IntelliSense to navigate through the available properties and to verify their types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-164">The elements in the collection represented by `custs3` are strongly typed, and you can use IntelliSense to navigate through the available properties and to verify their types.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-165">For more information, see [Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-165">For more information, see [Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md).</span></span>  
  
## <a name="deciding-whether-to-use-anonymous-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="8af6c-166">Deciding Whether to Use Anonymous Types</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-166">Deciding Whether to Use Anonymous Types</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-167">Before you create an object as an instance of an anonymous class, consider whether that is the best option.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-167">Before you create an object as an instance of an anonymous class, consider whether that is the best option.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-168">For example, if you want to create a temporary object to contain related data, and you have no need for other fields and methods that a complete class might contain, an anonymous type is a good solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-168">For example, if you want to create a temporary object to contain related data, and you have no need for other fields and methods that a complete class might contain, an anonymous type is a good solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-169">Anonymous types are also convenient if you want a different selection of properties for each declaration, or if you want to change the order of the properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-169">Anonymous types are also convenient if you want a different selection of properties for each declaration, or if you want to change the order of the properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-170">However, if your project includes several objects that have the same properties, in a fixed order, you can declare them more easily by using a named type with a class constructor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-170">However, if your project includes several objects that have the same properties, in a fixed order, you can declare them more easily by using a named type with a class constructor.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-171">For example, with an appropriate constructor, it is easier to declare several instances of a `Product` class than it is to declare several instances of an anonymous type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-171">For example, with an appropriate constructor, it is easier to declare several instances of a `Product` class than it is to declare several instances of an anonymous type.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#9](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#9)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-172">Another advantage of named types is that the compiler can catch an accidental mistyping of a property name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-172">Another advantage of named types is that the compiler can catch an accidental mistyping of a property name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-173">In the previous examples, `firstProd2`, `secondProd2`, and `thirdProd2` are intended to be instances of the same anonymous type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-173">In the previous examples, `firstProd2`, `secondProd2`, and `thirdProd2` are intended to be instances of the same anonymous type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-174">However, if you were to accidentally declare `thirdProd2` in one of the following ways, its type would be different from that of `firstProd2` and `secondProd2`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-174">However, if you were to accidentally declare `thirdProd2` in one of the following ways, its type would be different from that of `firstProd2` and `secondProd2`.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrAnonymousTypes#10](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrAnonymousTypes/VB/Class1.vb#10)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-175">More importantly, there are limitations on the use of anonymous types that do not apply to instances of named types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-175">More importantly, there are limitations on the use of anonymous types that do not apply to instances of named types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-176">`firstProd2`, `secondProd2`, and `thirdProd2` are instances of the same anonymous type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-176">`firstProd2`, `secondProd2`, and `thirdProd2` are instances of the same anonymous type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-177">However, the name for the shared anonymous type is not available and cannot appear where a type name is expected in your code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-177">However, the name for the shared anonymous type is not available and cannot appear where a type name is expected in your code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-178">For example, an anonymous type cannot be used to define a method signature, to declare another variable or field, or in any type declaration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-178">For example, an anonymous type cannot be used to define a method signature, to declare another variable or field, or in any type declaration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-179">As a result, anonymous types are not appropriate when you have to share information across methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-179">As a result, anonymous types are not appropriate when you have to share information across methods.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="an-anonymous-type-definition"></a><span data-ttu-id="8af6c-180">An Anonymous Type Definition</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-180">An Anonymous Type Definition</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-181">In response to the declaration of an instance of an anonymous type, the compiler creates a new class definition that contains the specified properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-181">In response to the declaration of an instance of an anonymous type, the compiler creates a new class definition that contains the specified properties.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-182">If the anonymous type contains at least one key property, the definition overrides three members inherited from <xref:System.Object>: <xref:System.Object.Equals%2A>, <xref:System.Object.GetHashCode%2A>, and <xref:System.Object.ToString%2A>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-182">If the anonymous type contains at least one key property, the definition overrides three members inherited from <xref:System.Object>: <xref:System.Object.Equals%2A>, <xref:System.Object.GetHashCode%2A>, and <xref:System.Object.ToString%2A>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-183">The code produced for testing equality and determining the hash code value considers only the key properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-183">The code produced for testing equality and determining the hash code value considers only the key properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-184">If the anonymous type contains no key properties, only <xref:System.Object.ToString%2A> is overridden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-184">If the anonymous type contains no key properties, only <xref:System.Object.ToString%2A> is overridden.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-185">Explicitly named properties of an anonymous type cannot conflict with these generated methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-185">Explicitly named properties of an anonymous type cannot conflict with these generated methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-186">That is, you cannot use `.Equals`, `.GetHashCode`, or `.ToString` to name a property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-186">That is, you cannot use `.Equals`, `.GetHashCode`, or `.ToString` to name a property.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-187">Anonymous type definitions that have at least one key property also implement the <xref:System.IEquatable%601?displayProperty=nameWithType> interface, where `T` is the type of the anonymous type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-187">Anonymous type definitions that have at least one key property also implement the <xref:System.IEquatable%601?displayProperty=nameWithType> interface, where `T` is the type of the anonymous type.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-188">For more information about the code created by the compiler and the functionality of the overridden methods, see [Anonymous Type Definition](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/anonymous-type-definition.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-188">For more information about the code created by the compiler and the functionality of the overridden methods, see [Anonymous Type Definition](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/anonymous-type-definition.md).</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="8af6c-189">См. также</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-189">See also</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="8af6c-190">Инициализаторы объектов. Именованные и анонимные типы</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-190">Object Initializers: Named and Anonymous Types</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/object-initializers-named-and-anonymous-types.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="8af6c-191">Вывод локального типа</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-191">Local Type Inference</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/variables/local-type-inference.md)
- <span data-ttu-id="8af6c-192">[Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md) (Знакомство с LINQ в Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-192">[Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md)</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="8af6c-193">Практическое руководство. Выведение имен свойств и типов в объявлениях анонимных типов</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-193">How to: Infer Property Names and Types in Anonymous Type Declarations</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-infer-property-names-and-types-in-anonymous-type-declarations.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="8af6c-194">Определение анонимного типа</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-194">Anonymous Type Definition</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/anonymous-type-definition.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="8af6c-195">Key</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="8af6c-195">Key</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/language-reference/modifiers/key.md)
