---
title: 'Инициализаторы объектов: именованные и анонимные типы'
ms.date: 07/20/2015
f1_keywords:
- vb.ObjectInitializer
helpviewer_keywords:
- object initializers [Visual Basic]
- anonymous types [Visual Basic], object initializers
- initializing properties [Visual Basic]
- initializers [Visual Basic]
- named types [Visual Basic]
ms.assetid: e2df3807-a70f-49dd-ac94-f1e07f472b1b
ms.openlocfilehash: 20e46d7ecc206abb28240075d9ec5f764ab78d01
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74346133"
---
# <a name="object-initializers-named-and-anonymous-types-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="33d24-102">Инициализаторы объектов: именованные и анонимные типы (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-102">Object Initializers: Named and Anonymous Types (Visual Basic)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="33d24-103">Object initializers enable you to specify properties for a complex object by using a single expression.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-103">Object initializers enable you to specify properties for a complex object by using a single expression.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-104">They can be used to create instances of named types and of anonymous types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-104">They can be used to create instances of named types and of anonymous types.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="declarations"></a><span data-ttu-id="33d24-105">Объявления</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-105">Declarations</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-106">Declarations of instances of named and anonymous types can look almost identical, but their effects are not the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-106">Declarations of instances of named and anonymous types can look almost identical, but their effects are not the same.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-107">Each category has abilities and restrictions of its own.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-107">Each category has abilities and restrictions of its own.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-108">The following example shows a convenient way to declare and initialize an instance of a named class, `Customer`, by using an object initializer list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-108">The following example shows a convenient way to declare and initialize an instance of a named class, `Customer`, by using an object initializer list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-109">Notice that the name of the class is specified after the keyword `New`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-109">Notice that the name of the class is specified after the keyword `New`.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#1](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#1)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-110">An anonymous type has no usable name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-110">An anonymous type has no usable name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-111">Therefore an instantiation of an anonymous type cannot include a class name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-111">Therefore an instantiation of an anonymous type cannot include a class name.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#2](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#2)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-112">The requirements and results of the two declarations are not the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-112">The requirements and results of the two declarations are not the same.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-113">For `namedCust`, a `Customer` class that has a `Name` property must already exist, and the declaration creates an instance of that class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-113">For `namedCust`, a `Customer` class that has a `Name` property must already exist, and the declaration creates an instance of that class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-114">For `anonymousCust`, the compiler defines a new class that has one property, a string called `Name`, and creates a new instance of that class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-114">For `anonymousCust`, the compiler defines a new class that has one property, a string called `Name`, and creates a new instance of that class.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="named-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="33d24-115">Named Types</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-115">Named Types</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-116">Object initializers provide a simple way to call the constructor of a type and then set the values of some or all properties in a single statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-116">Object initializers provide a simple way to call the constructor of a type and then set the values of some or all properties in a single statement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-117">The compiler invokes the appropriate constructor for the statement: the parameterless constructor if no arguments are presented, or a parameterized constructor if one or more arguments are sent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-117">The compiler invokes the appropriate constructor for the statement: the parameterless constructor if no arguments are presented, or a parameterized constructor if one or more arguments are sent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-118">After that, the specified properties are initialized in the order in which they are presented in the initializer list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-118">After that, the specified properties are initialized in the order in which they are presented in the initializer list.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-119">Each initialization in the initializer list consists of the assignment of an initial value to a member of the class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-119">Each initialization in the initializer list consists of the assignment of an initial value to a member of the class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-120">The names and data types of the members are determined when the class is defined.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-120">The names and data types of the members are determined when the class is defined.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-121">In the following examples, the `Customer` class must exist, and must have members named `Name` and `City` that can accept string values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-121">In the following examples, the `Customer` class must exist, and must have members named `Name` and `City` that can accept string values.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#3](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#3)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-122">Alternatively, you can obtain the same result by using the following code:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-122">Alternatively, you can obtain the same result by using the following code:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#4](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#4)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-123">Each of these declarations is equivalent to the following example, which creates a `Customer` object by using the parameterless constructor, and then specifies initial values for the `Name` and `City` properties by using a `With` statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-123">Each of these declarations is equivalent to the following example, which creates a `Customer` object by using the parameterless constructor, and then specifies initial values for the `Name` and `City` properties by using a `With` statement.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#5](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#5)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-124">If the `Customer` class contains a parameterized constructor that enables you to send in a value for `Name`, for example, you can also declare and initialize a `Customer` object in the following ways:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-124">If the `Customer` class contains a parameterized constructor that enables you to send in a value for `Name`, for example, you can also declare and initialize a `Customer` object in the following ways:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#6](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#6)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-125">You do not have to initialize all properties, as the following code shows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-125">You do not have to initialize all properties, as the following code shows.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#7](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#7)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-126">However, the initialization list cannot be empty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-126">However, the initialization list cannot be empty.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-127">Uninitialized properties retain their default values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-127">Uninitialized properties retain their default values.</span></span>  
  
### <a name="type-inference-with-named-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="33d24-128">Type Inference with Named Types</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-128">Type Inference with Named Types</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-129">You can shorten the code for the declaration of `cust1` by combining object initializers and local type inference.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-129">You can shorten the code for the declaration of `cust1` by combining object initializers and local type inference.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-130">This enables you to omit the `As` clause in the variable declaration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-130">This enables you to omit the `As` clause in the variable declaration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-131">The data type of the variable is inferred from the type of the object that is created by the assignment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-131">The data type of the variable is inferred from the type of the object that is created by the assignment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-132">In the following example, the type of `cust6` is `Customer`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-132">In the following example, the type of `cust6` is `Customer`.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#8](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#8)]  
  
### <a name="remarks-about-named-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="33d24-133">Remarks About Named Types</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-133">Remarks About Named Types</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-134">A class member cannot be initialized more than one time in the object initializer list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-134">A class member cannot be initialized more than one time in the object initializer list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-135">The declaration of `cust7` causes an error.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-135">The declaration of `cust7` causes an error.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#9](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#9)]  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-136">A member can be used to initialize itself or another field.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-136">A member can be used to initialize itself or another field.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-137">If a member is accessed before it has been initialized, as in the following declaration for `cust8`, the default value will be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-137">If a member is accessed before it has been initialized, as in the following declaration for `cust8`, the default value will be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-138">Remember that when a declaration that uses an object initializer is processed, the first thing that happens is that the appropriate constructor is invoked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-138">Remember that when a declaration that uses an object initializer is processed, the first thing that happens is that the appropriate constructor is invoked.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-139">After that, the individual fields in the initializer list are initialized.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-139">After that, the individual fields in the initializer list are initialized.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-140">In the following examples, the default value for `Name` is assigned for `cust8`, and an initialized value is assigned in `cust9`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-140">In the following examples, the default value for `Name` is assigned for `cust8`, and an initialized value is assigned in `cust9`.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#10](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#10)]  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="33d24-141">The following example uses the parameterized constructor from `cust3` and `cust4` to declare and initialize `cust10` and `cust11`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-141">The following example uses the parameterized constructor from `cust3` and `cust4` to declare and initialize `cust10` and `cust11`.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#11](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#11)]  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-142">Object initializers can be nested.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-142">Object initializers can be nested.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-143">In the following example, `AddressClass` is a class that has two properties, `City` and `State`, and the `Customer` class has an `Address` property that is an instance of `AddressClass`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-143">In the following example, `AddressClass` is a class that has two properties, `City` and `State`, and the `Customer` class has an `Address` property that is an instance of `AddressClass`.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#12](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#12)]  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-144">The initialization list cannot be empty.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-144">The initialization list cannot be empty.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-145">The instance being initialized cannot be of type Object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-145">The instance being initialized cannot be of type Object.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-146">Class members being initialized cannot be shared members, read-only members, constants, or method calls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-146">Class members being initialized cannot be shared members, read-only members, constants, or method calls.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-147">Class members being initialized cannot be indexed or qualified.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-147">Class members being initialized cannot be indexed or qualified.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-148">The following examples raise compiler errors:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-148">The following examples raise compiler errors:</span></span>  
  
     `'' Not valid.`  
  
     `' Dim c1 = New Customer With {.OrderNumbers(0) = 148662}`  
  
     `' Dim c2 = New Customer with {.Address.City = "Springfield"}`  
  
## <a name="anonymous-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="33d24-149">Анонимные типы</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-149">Anonymous Types</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-150">Anonymous types use object initializers to create instances of new types that you do not explicitly define and name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-150">Anonymous types use object initializers to create instances of new types that you do not explicitly define and name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-151">Instead, the compiler generates a type according to the properties you designate in the object initializer list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-151">Instead, the compiler generates a type according to the properties you designate in the object initializer list.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-152">Because the name of the type is not specified, it is referred to as an *anonymous type*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-152">Because the name of the type is not specified, it is referred to as an *anonymous type*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-153">For example, compare the following declaration to the earlier one for `cust6`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-153">For example, compare the following declaration to the earlier one for `cust6`.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#13](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#13)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-154">The only difference syntactically is that no name is specified after `New` for the data type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-154">The only difference syntactically is that no name is specified after `New` for the data type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-155">However, what happens is quite different.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-155">However, what happens is quite different.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-156">The compiler defines a new anonymous type that has two properties, `Name` and `City`, and creates an instance of it with the specified values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-156">The compiler defines a new anonymous type that has two properties, `Name` and `City`, and creates an instance of it with the specified values.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-157">Type inference determines the types of `Name` and `City` in the example to be strings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-157">Type inference determines the types of `Name` and `City` in the example to be strings.</span></span>  
  
> [!CAUTION]
> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-158">The name of the anonymous type is generated by the compiler, and may vary from compilation to compilation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-158">The name of the anonymous type is generated by the compiler, and may vary from compilation to compilation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-159">Your code should not use or rely on the name of an anonymous type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-159">Your code should not use or rely on the name of an anonymous type.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-160">Because the name of the type is not available, you cannot use an `As` clause to declare `cust13`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-160">Because the name of the type is not available, you cannot use an `As` clause to declare `cust13`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-161">Its type must be inferred.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-161">Its type must be inferred.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-162">Without using late binding, this limits the use of anonymous types to local variables.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-162">Without using late binding, this limits the use of anonymous types to local variables.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="33d24-163">Anonymous types provide critical support for [!INCLUDE[vbteclinq](~/includes/vbteclinq-md.md)] queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-163">Anonymous types provide critical support for [!INCLUDE[vbteclinq](~/includes/vbteclinq-md.md)] queries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-164">For more information about the use of anonymous types in queries, see [Anonymous Types](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/anonymous-types.md) and [Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-164">For more information about the use of anonymous types in queries, see [Anonymous Types](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/anonymous-types.md) and [Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md).</span></span>  
  
### <a name="remarks-about-anonymous-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="33d24-165">Remarks About Anonymous Types</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-165">Remarks About Anonymous Types</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-166">Typically, all or most of the properties in an anonymous type declaration will be key properties, which are indicated by typing the keyword `Key` in front of the property name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-166">Typically, all or most of the properties in an anonymous type declaration will be key properties, which are indicated by typing the keyword `Key` in front of the property name.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#14](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#14)]  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="33d24-167">For more information about key properties, see [Key](../../../../visual-basic/language-reference/modifiers/key.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-167">For more information about key properties, see [Key](../../../../visual-basic/language-reference/modifiers/key.md).</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-168">Like named types, initializer lists for anonymous type definitions must declare at least one property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-168">Like named types, initializer lists for anonymous type definitions must declare at least one property.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#2](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#2)]  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-169">When an instance of an anonymous type is declared, the compiler generates a matching anonymous type definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-169">When an instance of an anonymous type is declared, the compiler generates a matching anonymous type definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-170">The names and data types of the properties are taken from the instance declaration, and are included by the compiler in the definition.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-170">The names and data types of the properties are taken from the instance declaration, and are included by the compiler in the definition.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-171">The properties are not named and defined in advance, as they would be for a named type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-171">The properties are not named and defined in advance, as they would be for a named type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-172">Their types are inferred.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-172">Their types are inferred.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-173">You cannot specify the data types of the properties by using an `As` clause.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-173">You cannot specify the data types of the properties by using an `As` clause.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-174">Anonymous types can also establish the names and values of their properties in several other ways.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-174">Anonymous types can also establish the names and values of their properties in several other ways.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="33d24-175">For example, an anonymous type property can take both the name and the value of a variable, or the name and value of a property of another object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-175">For example, an anonymous type property can take both the name and the value of a variable, or the name and value of a property of another object.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrObjectInit#15](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrObjectInit/VB/Class1.vb#15)]  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="33d24-176">For more information about the options for defining properties in anonymous types, see [How to: Infer Property Names and Types in Anonymous Type Declarations](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-infer-property-names-and-types-in-anonymous-type-declarations.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-176">For more information about the options for defining properties in anonymous types, see [How to: Infer Property Names and Types in Anonymous Type Declarations](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-infer-property-names-and-types-in-anonymous-type-declarations.md).</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="33d24-177">См. также</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-177">See also</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="33d24-178">Вывод локального типа</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-178">Local Type Inference</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/variables/local-type-inference.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="33d24-179">Анонимные типы</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-179">Anonymous Types</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/anonymous-types.md)
- <span data-ttu-id="33d24-180">[Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md) (Знакомство с LINQ в Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-180">[Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md)</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="33d24-181">Практическое руководство. Выведение имен свойств и типов в объявлениях анонимных типов</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-181">How to: Infer Property Names and Types in Anonymous Type Declarations</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-infer-property-names-and-types-in-anonymous-type-declarations.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="33d24-182">Key</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-182">Key</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/language-reference/modifiers/key.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="33d24-183">Практическое руководство. Объявление объекта с помощью инициализатора объектов</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="33d24-183">How to: Declare an Object by Using an Object Initializer</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/objects-and-classes/how-to-declare-an-object-by-using-an-object-initializer.md)
