---
title: Расширение пространства имен My
ms.date: 07/20/2015
f1_keywords:
- vb.AddingMyExtensions
helpviewer_keywords:
- My namespace [Visual Basic], customizing
- My namespace
- My namespace [Visual Basic], extending
ms.assetid: 808e8617-b01c-4135-8b21-babe87389e8e
ms.openlocfilehash: 2a7b0b84061fccd9a333a68e4a19477bd19ca4ff
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74330314"
---
# <a name="extending-the-my-namespace-in-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-102">Extending the `My` Namespace in Visual Basic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-102">Extending the `My` Namespace in Visual Basic</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-103">The `My` namespace in Visual Basic exposes properties and methods that enable you to easily take advantage of the power of the .NET Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-103">The `My` namespace in Visual Basic exposes properties and methods that enable you to easily take advantage of the power of the .NET Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-104">The `My` namespace simplifies common programming problems, often reducing a difficult task to a single line of code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-104">The `My` namespace simplifies common programming problems, often reducing a difficult task to a single line of code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-105">Additionally, the `My` namespace is fully extensible so that you can customize the behavior of `My` and add new services to its hierarchy to adapt to specific application needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-105">Additionally, the `My` namespace is fully extensible so that you can customize the behavior of `My` and add new services to its hierarchy to adapt to specific application needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-106">This topic discusses both how to customize existing members of the `My` namespace and how to add your own custom classes to the `My` namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-106">This topic discusses both how to customize existing members of the `My` namespace and how to add your own custom classes to the `My` namespace.</span></span>

## <a name="customizing-existing-my-namespace-members"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-107">Customizing existing `My` namespace members</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-107">Customizing existing `My` namespace members</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-108">The `My` namespace in Visual Basic exposes frequently used information about your application, your computer, and more.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-108">The `My` namespace in Visual Basic exposes frequently used information about your application, your computer, and more.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-109">For a complete list of the objects in the `My` namespace, see [My Reference](../../language-reference/keywords/my-reference.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-109">For a complete list of the objects in the `My` namespace, see [My Reference](../../language-reference/keywords/my-reference.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-110">You may have to customize existing members of the `My` namespace so that they better match the needs of your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-110">You may have to customize existing members of the `My` namespace so that they better match the needs of your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-111">Any property of an object in the `My` namespace that is not read-only can be set to a custom value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-111">Any property of an object in the `My` namespace that is not read-only can be set to a custom value.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-112">For example, assume that you frequently use the `My.User` object to access the current security context for the user running your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-112">For example, assume that you frequently use the `My.User` object to access the current security context for the user running your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-113">However, your company uses a custom user object to expose additional information and capabilities for users within the company.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-113">However, your company uses a custom user object to expose additional information and capabilities for users within the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-114">In this scenario, you can replace the default value of the `My.User.CurrentPrincipal` property with an instance of your own custom principal object, as shown in the following example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-114">In this scenario, you can replace the default value of the `My.User.CurrentPrincipal` property with an instance of your own custom principal object, as shown in the following example:</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbcnExtendingMy#1](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbcnExtendingMy/VB/Class1.vb#1)]

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-115">Setting the `CurrentPrincipal` property on the `My.User` object changes the identity under which the application runs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-115">Setting the `CurrentPrincipal` property on the `My.User` object changes the identity under which the application runs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-116">The `My.User` object, in turn, returns information about the newly specified user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-116">The `My.User` object, in turn, returns information about the newly specified user.</span></span>
  
## <a name="adding-members-to-my-objects"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-117">Adding members to `My` objects</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-117">Adding members to `My` objects</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-118">The types returned from `My.Application` and `My.Computer` are defined as `Partial` classes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-118">The types returned from `My.Application` and `My.Computer` are defined as `Partial` classes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-119">Therefore, you can extend the `My.Application` and `My.Computer` objects by creating a `Partial` class named `MyApplication` or `MyComputer`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-119">Therefore, you can extend the `My.Application` and `My.Computer` objects by creating a `Partial` class named `MyApplication` or `MyComputer`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-120">The class cannot be a `Private` class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-120">The class cannot be a `Private` class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-121">If you specify the class as part of the `My` namespace, you can add properties and methods that will be included with the `My.Application` or `My.Computer` objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-121">If you specify the class as part of the `My` namespace, you can add properties and methods that will be included with the `My.Application` or `My.Computer` objects.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-122">The following example adds a property named `DnsServerIPAddresses` to the `My.Computer` object:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-122">The following example adds a property named `DnsServerIPAddresses` to the `My.Computer` object:</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbcnExtendingMy#2](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbcnExtendingMy/VB/Class2.vb#2)]

## <a name="adding-custom-objects-to-the-my-namespace"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-123">Adding custom objects to the `My` namespace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-123">Adding custom objects to the `My` namespace</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-124">Although the `My` namespace provides solutions for many common programming tasks, you may encounter tasks that the `My` namespace does not address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-124">Although the `My` namespace provides solutions for many common programming tasks, you may encounter tasks that the `My` namespace does not address.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-125">For example, your application might access custom directory services for user data, or your application might use assemblies that are not installed by default with Visual Basic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-125">For example, your application might access custom directory services for user data, or your application might use assemblies that are not installed by default with Visual Basic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-126">You can extend the `My` namespace to include custom solutions to common tasks that are specific to your environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-126">You can extend the `My` namespace to include custom solutions to common tasks that are specific to your environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-127">The `My` namespace can easily be extended to add new members to meet growing application needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-127">The `My` namespace can easily be extended to add new members to meet growing application needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-128">Additionally, you can deploy your `My` namespace extensions to other developers as a Visual Basic template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-128">Additionally, you can deploy your `My` namespace extensions to other developers as a Visual Basic template.</span></span>
  
### <a name="adding-members-to-the-my-namespace"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-129">Adding members to the `My` namespace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-129">Adding members to the `My` namespace</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-130">Because `My` is a namespace like any other namespace, you can add top-level properties to it by just adding a module and specifying a `Namespace` of `My`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-130">Because `My` is a namespace like any other namespace, you can add top-level properties to it by just adding a module and specifying a `Namespace` of `My`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-131">Annotate the module with the `HideModuleName` attribute as shown in the following example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-131">Annotate the module with the `HideModuleName` attribute as shown in the following example.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-132">The `HideModuleName` attribute ensures that IntelliSense will not display the module name when it displays the members of the `My` namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-132">The `HideModuleName` attribute ensures that IntelliSense will not display the module name when it displays the members of the `My` namespace.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbcnExtendingMy#3](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbcnExtendingMy/VB/Class1.vb#3)]

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-133">To add members to the `My` namespace, add properties as needed to the module.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-133">To add members to the `My` namespace, add properties as needed to the module.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-134">For each property added to the `My` namespace, add a private field of type `ThreadSafeObjectProvider(Of T)`, where the type is the type returned by your custom property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-134">For each property added to the `My` namespace, add a private field of type `ThreadSafeObjectProvider(Of T)`, where the type is the type returned by your custom property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-135">This field is used to create thread-safe object instances to be returned by the property by calling the `GetInstance` method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-135">This field is used to create thread-safe object instances to be returned by the property by calling the `GetInstance` method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-136">As a result, each thread that is accessing the extended property receives its own instance of the returned type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-136">As a result, each thread that is accessing the extended property receives its own instance of the returned type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-137">The following example adds a property named `SampleExtension` that is of type `SampleExtension` to the `My` namespace:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-137">The following example adds a property named `SampleExtension` that is of type `SampleExtension` to the `My` namespace:</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbcnExtendingMy#4](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbcnExtendingMy/VB/Class1.vb#4)]

## <a name="adding-events-to-custom-my-objects"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-138">Adding events to custom `My` objects</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-138">Adding events to custom `My` objects</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-139">You can use the `My.Application` object to expose events for your custom `My` objects by extending the `MyApplication` partial class in the `My` namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-139">You can use the `My.Application` object to expose events for your custom `My` objects by extending the `MyApplication` partial class in the `My` namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-140">For Windows-based projects, you can double-click the **My Project** node in for your project in **Solution Explorer**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-140">For Windows-based projects, you can double-click the **My Project** node in for your project in **Solution Explorer**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-141">In the Visual Basic **Project Designer**, click the **Application** tab and then click the **View Application Events** button.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-141">In the Visual Basic **Project Designer**, click the **Application** tab and then click the **View Application Events** button.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-142">A new file that is named *ApplicationEvents.vb* will be created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-142">A new file that is named *ApplicationEvents.vb* will be created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-143">It contains the following code for extending the `MyApplication` class:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-143">It contains the following code for extending the `MyApplication` class:</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbcnExtendingMy#5](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbcnExtendingMy/VB/Class1.vb#5)]

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-144">You can add event handlers for your custom `My` objects by adding custom event handlers to the `MyApplication` class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-144">You can add event handlers for your custom `My` objects by adding custom event handlers to the `MyApplication` class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-145">Custom events enable you to add code that will execute when an event handler is added, removed, or the event is raised.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-145">Custom events enable you to add code that will execute when an event handler is added, removed, or the event is raised.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-146">Note that the `AddHandler` code for a custom event runs only if code is added by a user to handle the event.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-146">Note that the `AddHandler` code for a custom event runs only if code is added by a user to handle the event.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-147">For example, consider that the `SampleExtension` object from the previous section has a `Load` event that you want to add a custom event handler for.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-147">For example, consider that the `SampleExtension` object from the previous section has a `Load` event that you want to add a custom event handler for.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-148">The following code example shows a custom event handler named `SampleExtensionLoad` that will be invoked when the `My.SampleExtension.Load` event occurs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-148">The following code example shows a custom event handler named `SampleExtensionLoad` that will be invoked when the `My.SampleExtension.Load` event occurs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-149">When code is added to handle the new `My.SampleExtensionLoad` event, the `AddHandler` part of this custom event code is executed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-149">When code is added to handle the new `My.SampleExtensionLoad` event, the `AddHandler` part of this custom event code is executed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-150">The `MyApplication_SampleExtensionLoad` method is included in the code example to show an example of an event handler that handles the `My.SampleExtensionLoad` event.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-150">The `MyApplication_SampleExtensionLoad` method is included in the code example to show an example of an event handler that handles the `My.SampleExtensionLoad` event.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-151">Note that the `SampleExtensionLoad` event will be available when you select the **My Application Events** option in the left drop-down list above the Code Editor when you are editing the *ApplicationEvents.vb* file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-151">Note that the `SampleExtensionLoad` event will be available when you select the **My Application Events** option in the left drop-down list above the Code Editor when you are editing the *ApplicationEvents.vb* file.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbcnExtendingMy#6](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbcnExtendingMy/VB/Class1.vb#6)]

## <a name="design-guidelines"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-152">Design guidelines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-152">Design guidelines</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-153">When you develop extensions to the `My` namespace, use the following guidelines to help minimize the maintenance costs of your extension components:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-153">When you develop extensions to the `My` namespace, use the following guidelines to help minimize the maintenance costs of your extension components:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="1e591-154">**Include only the extension logic.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-154">**Include only the extension logic.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-155">The logic included in the `My` namespace extension should include only the code that is needed to expose the required functionality in the `My` namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-155">The logic included in the `My` namespace extension should include only the code that is needed to expose the required functionality in the `My` namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-156">Because your extension will reside in user projects as source code, updating the extension component incurs a high maintenance cost and should be avoided if possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-156">Because your extension will reside in user projects as source code, updating the extension component incurs a high maintenance cost and should be avoided if possible.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="1e591-157">**Minimize project assumptions.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-157">**Minimize project assumptions.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-158">When you create your extensions of the `My` namespace, do not assume a set of references, project-level imports, or specific compiler settings (for example, `Option Strict` off).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-158">When you create your extensions of the `My` namespace, do not assume a set of references, project-level imports, or specific compiler settings (for example, `Option Strict` off).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-159">Instead, minimize dependencies and fully qualify all type references by using the `Global` keyword.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-159">Instead, minimize dependencies and fully qualify all type references by using the `Global` keyword.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-160">Also, ensure that the extension compiles with `Option Strict` on to minimize errors in the extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-160">Also, ensure that the extension compiles with `Option Strict` on to minimize errors in the extension.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="1e591-161">**Isolate the extension code.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-161">**Isolate the extension code.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-162">Placing the code in a single file makes your extension easily deployable as a Visual Studio item template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-162">Placing the code in a single file makes your extension easily deployable as a Visual Studio item template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-163">For more information, see "Packaging and Deploying Extensions" later in this topic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-163">For more information, see "Packaging and Deploying Extensions" later in this topic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-164">Placing all the `My` namespace extension code in a single file or a separate folder in a project will also help users locate the `My` namespace extension.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-164">Placing all the `My` namespace extension code in a single file or a separate folder in a project will also help users locate the `My` namespace extension.</span></span>

## <a name="designing-class-libraries-for-my"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-165">Designing class libraries for `My`</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-165">Designing class libraries for `My`</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-166">As is the case with most object models, some design patterns work well in the `My` namespace and others do not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-166">As is the case with most object models, some design patterns work well in the `My` namespace and others do not.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-167">When designing an extension to the `My` namespace, consider the following principles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-167">When designing an extension to the `My` namespace, consider the following principles:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="1e591-168">**Stateless methods.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-168">**Stateless methods.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-169">Methods in the `My` namespace should provide a complete solution to a specific task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-169">Methods in the `My` namespace should provide a complete solution to a specific task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-170">Ensure that the parameter values that are passed to the method provide all the input required to complete the particular task.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-170">Ensure that the parameter values that are passed to the method provide all the input required to complete the particular task.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-171">Avoid creating methods that rely on prior state, such as open connections to resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-171">Avoid creating methods that rely on prior state, such as open connections to resources.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="1e591-172">**Global instances.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-172">**Global instances.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-173">The only state that is maintained in the `My` namespace is global to the project.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-173">The only state that is maintained in the `My` namespace is global to the project.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-174">For example, `My.Application.Info` encapsulates state that is shared throughout the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-174">For example, `My.Application.Info` encapsulates state that is shared throughout the application.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="1e591-175">**Simple parameter types.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-175">**Simple parameter types.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-176">Keep things simple by avoiding complex parameter types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-176">Keep things simple by avoiding complex parameter types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-177">Instead, create methods that either take no parameter input or that take simple input types such as strings, primitive types, and so on.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-177">Instead, create methods that either take no parameter input or that take simple input types such as strings, primitive types, and so on.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="1e591-178">**Factory methods.**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-178">**Factory methods.**</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-179">Some types are necessarily difficult to instantiate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-179">Some types are necessarily difficult to instantiate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-180">Providing factory methods as extensions to the `My` namespace enables you to more easily discover and consume types that fall into this category.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-180">Providing factory methods as extensions to the `My` namespace enables you to more easily discover and consume types that fall into this category.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-181">An example of a factory method that works well is `My.Computer.FileSystem.OpenTextFileReader`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-181">An example of a factory method that works well is `My.Computer.FileSystem.OpenTextFileReader`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-182">There are several stream types available in the .NET Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-182">There are several stream types available in the .NET Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-183">By specifying text files specifically, the `OpenTextFileReader` helps the user understand which stream to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-183">By specifying text files specifically, the `OpenTextFileReader` helps the user understand which stream to use.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-184">These guidelines do not preclude general design principles for class libraries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-184">These guidelines do not preclude general design principles for class libraries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-185">Rather, they are recommendations that are optimized for developers who are using Visual Basic and the `My` namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-185">Rather, they are recommendations that are optimized for developers who are using Visual Basic and the `My` namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-186">For general design principles for creating class libraries, see [Framework Design Guidelines](../../../standard/design-guidelines/index.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-186">For general design principles for creating class libraries, see [Framework Design Guidelines](../../../standard/design-guidelines/index.md).</span></span>

## <a name="packaging-and-deploying-extensions"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-187">Packaging and deploying extensions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-187">Packaging and deploying extensions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-188">You can include `My` namespace extensions in a Visual Studio project template, or you can package your extensions and deploy them as a Visual Studio item template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-188">You can include `My` namespace extensions in a Visual Studio project template, or you can package your extensions and deploy them as a Visual Studio item template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-189">When you package your `My` namespace extensions as a Visual Studio item template, you can take advantage of additional capabilities provided by Visual Basic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-189">When you package your `My` namespace extensions as a Visual Studio item template, you can take advantage of additional capabilities provided by Visual Basic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1e591-190">These capabilities enable you to include an extension when a project references a particular assembly, or enable users to explicitly add your `My` namespace extension by using the **My Extensions** page of the Visual Basic Project Designer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-190">These capabilities enable you to include an extension when a project references a particular assembly, or enable users to explicitly add your `My` namespace extension by using the **My Extensions** page of the Visual Basic Project Designer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="1e591-191">For details about how to deploy `My` namespace extensions, see [Packaging and Deploying Custom My Extensions](packaging-and-deploying-custom-my-extensions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-191">For details about how to deploy `My` namespace extensions, see [Packaging and Deploying Custom My Extensions](packaging-and-deploying-custom-my-extensions.md).</span></span>

## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="1e591-192">См. также</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-192">See also</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="1e591-193">Упаковка и развертывание пользовательских расширений пространства имен My</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-193">Packaging and Deploying Custom My Extensions</span></span>](packaging-and-deploying-custom-my-extensions.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1e591-194">Расширение модели приложения Visual Basic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-194">Extending the Visual Basic Application Model</span></span>](extending-the-visual-basic-application-model.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1e591-195">Настройка доступа к объектам через My</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-195">Customizing Which Objects are Available in My</span></span>](customizing-which-objects-are-available-in-my.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1e591-196">Страница "Мои расширения", конструктор проектов</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-196">My Extensions Page, Project Designer</span></span>](/visualstudio/ide/reference/my-extensions-page-project-designer-visual-basic)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1e591-197">Страница "Приложение" в конструкторе проектов (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-197">Application Page, Project Designer (Visual Basic)</span></span>](/visualstudio/ide/reference/application-page-project-designer-visual-basic)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1e591-198">Partial</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1e591-198">Partial</span></span>](../../language-reference/modifiers/partial.md)
