---
title: Операторы
ms.date: 07/20/2015
helpviewer_keywords:
- variables [Visual Basic], declaring
- colons (:) [Visual Basic]
- constants [Visual Basic], defining
- underlines
- constants [Visual Basic], statements
- blue underline [Visual Basic]
- procedures [Visual Basic], statements
- variables [Visual Basic], assigning
- line breaks [Visual Basic], in code
- executable statements [Visual Basic]
- variables [Visual Basic], defining
- statements [Visual Basic], about statements
ms.assetid: fcfdee1a-82b7-4846-98f7-9ca3f5160089
ms.openlocfilehash: f63f0f0212913f95baab2a8a43c4b7f25a859cd9
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74352505"
---
# <a name="statements-in-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-102">Операторы в Visual Basic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-102">Statements in Visual Basic</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-103">A statement in Visual Basic is a complete instruction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-103">A statement in Visual Basic is a complete instruction.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-104">It can contain keywords, operators, variables, constants, and expressions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-104">It can contain keywords, operators, variables, constants, and expressions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-105">Each statement belongs to one of the following categories:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-105">Each statement belongs to one of the following categories:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-106">**Declaration Statements**, which name a variable, constant, or procedure, and can also specify a data type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-106">**Declaration Statements**, which name a variable, constant, or procedure, and can also specify a data type.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-107">**Executable Statements**, which initiate actions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-107">**Executable Statements**, which initiate actions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-108">These statements can call a method or function, and they can loop or branch through blocks of code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-108">These statements can call a method or function, and they can loop or branch through blocks of code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-109">Executable statements include **Assignment Statements**, which assign a value or expression to a variable or constant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-109">Executable statements include **Assignment Statements**, which assign a value or expression to a variable or constant.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-110">This topic describes each category.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-110">This topic describes each category.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-111">Also, this topic describes how to combine multiple statements on a single line and how to continue a statement over multiple lines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-111">Also, this topic describes how to combine multiple statements on a single line and how to continue a statement over multiple lines.</span></span>

## <a name="declaration-statements"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-112">Инструкции объявления</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-112">Declaration statements</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-113">You use declaration statements to name and define procedures, variables, properties, arrays, and constants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-113">You use declaration statements to name and define procedures, variables, properties, arrays, and constants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-114">When you declare a programming element, you can also define its data type, access level, and scope.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-114">When you declare a programming element, you can also define its data type, access level, and scope.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-115">For more information, see [Declared Element Characteristics](./declared-elements/declared-element-characteristics.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-115">For more information, see [Declared Element Characteristics](./declared-elements/declared-element-characteristics.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-116">The following example contains three declarations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-116">The following example contains three declarations.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#80](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#80)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-117">The first declaration is the `Sub` statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-117">The first declaration is the `Sub` statement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-118">Together with its matching `End Sub` statement, it declares a procedure named `applyFormat`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-118">Together with its matching `End Sub` statement, it declares a procedure named `applyFormat`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-119">It also specifies that `applyFormat` is `Public`, which means that any code that can refer to it can call it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-119">It also specifies that `applyFormat` is `Public`, which means that any code that can refer to it can call it.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-120">The second declaration is the `Const` statement, which declares the constant `limit`, specifying the `Integer` data type and a value of 33.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-120">The second declaration is the `Const` statement, which declares the constant `limit`, specifying the `Integer` data type and a value of 33.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-121">The third declaration is the `Dim` statement, which declares the variable `thisWidget`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-121">The third declaration is the `Dim` statement, which declares the variable `thisWidget`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-122">The data type is a specific object, namely an object created from the `Widget` class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-122">The data type is a specific object, namely an object created from the `Widget` class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-123">You can declare a variable to be of any elementary data type or of any object type that is exposed in the application you are using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-123">You can declare a variable to be of any elementary data type or of any object type that is exposed in the application you are using.</span></span>

### <a name="initial-values"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-124">Initial Values</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-124">Initial Values</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-125">When the code containing a declaration statement runs, Visual Basic reserves the memory required for the declared element.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-125">When the code containing a declaration statement runs, Visual Basic reserves the memory required for the declared element.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-126">If the element holds a value, Visual Basic initializes it to the default value for its data type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-126">If the element holds a value, Visual Basic initializes it to the default value for its data type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-127">For more information, see "Behavior" in [Dim Statement](../../language-reference/statements/dim-statement.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-127">For more information, see "Behavior" in [Dim Statement](../../language-reference/statements/dim-statement.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-128">You can assign an initial value to a variable as part of its declaration, as the following example illustrates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-128">You can assign an initial value to a variable as part of its declaration, as the following example illustrates.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#81](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#81)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-129">If a variable is an object variable, you can explicitly create an instance of its class when you declare it by using the [New Operator](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/new-operator.md) keyword, as the following example illustrates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-129">If a variable is an object variable, you can explicitly create an instance of its class when you declare it by using the [New Operator](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/new-operator.md) keyword, as the following example illustrates.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#82](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#82)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-130">Note that the initial value you specify in a declaration statement is not assigned to a variable until execution reaches its declaration statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-130">Note that the initial value you specify in a declaration statement is not assigned to a variable until execution reaches its declaration statement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-131">Until that time, the variable contains the default value for its data type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-131">Until that time, the variable contains the default value for its data type.</span></span>

## <a name="executable-statements"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-132">Executable statements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-132">Executable statements</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-133">An executable statement performs an action.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-133">An executable statement performs an action.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-134">It can call a procedure, branch to another place in the code, loop through several statements, or evaluate an expression.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-134">It can call a procedure, branch to another place in the code, loop through several statements, or evaluate an expression.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-135">An assignment statement is a special case of an executable statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-135">An assignment statement is a special case of an executable statement.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-136">The following example uses an `If...Then...Else` control structure to run different blocks of code based on the value of a variable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-136">The following example uses an `If...Then...Else` control structure to run different blocks of code based on the value of a variable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-137">Within each block of code, a `For...Next` loop runs a specified number of times.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-137">Within each block of code, a `For...Next` loop runs a specified number of times.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#83](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#83)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-138">The `If` statement in the preceding example checks the value of the parameter `clockwise`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-138">The `If` statement in the preceding example checks the value of the parameter `clockwise`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-139">If the value is `True`, it calls the `spinClockwise` method of `aWidget`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-139">If the value is `True`, it calls the `spinClockwise` method of `aWidget`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-140">If the value is `False`, it calls the `spinCounterClockwise` method of `aWidget`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-140">If the value is `False`, it calls the `spinCounterClockwise` method of `aWidget`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-141">The `If...Then...Else` control structure ends with `End If`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-141">The `If...Then...Else` control structure ends with `End If`.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-142">The `For...Next` loop within each block calls the appropriate method a number of times equal to the value of the `revolutions` parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-142">The `For...Next` loop within each block calls the appropriate method a number of times equal to the value of the `revolutions` parameter.</span></span>

## <a name="assignment-statements"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-143">Assignment statements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-143">Assignment statements</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-144">Assignment statements carry out assignment operations, which consist of taking the value on the right side of the assignment operator (`=`) and storing it in the element on the left, as in the following example.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-144">Assignment statements carry out assignment operations, which consist of taking the value on the right side of the assignment operator (`=`) and storing it in the element on the left, as in the following example.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#73](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#73)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-145">In the preceding example, the assignment statement stores the literal value 42 in the variable `v`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-145">In the preceding example, the assignment statement stores the literal value 42 in the variable `v`.</span></span>

### <a name="eligible-programming-elements"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-146">Eligible programming elements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-146">Eligible programming elements</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-147">The programming element on the left side of the assignment operator must be able to accept and store a value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-147">The programming element on the left side of the assignment operator must be able to accept and store a value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-148">This means it must be a variable or property that is not [ReadOnly](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/modifiers/readonly.md), or it must be an array element.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-148">This means it must be a variable or property that is not [ReadOnly](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/modifiers/readonly.md), or it must be an array element.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-149">In the context of an assignment statement, such an element is sometimes called an *lvalue*, for "left value."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-149">In the context of an assignment statement, such an element is sometimes called an *lvalue*, for "left value."</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-150">The value on the right side of the assignment operator is generated by an expression, which can consist of any combination of literals, constants, variables, properties, array elements, other expressions, or function calls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-150">The value on the right side of the assignment operator is generated by an expression, which can consist of any combination of literals, constants, variables, properties, array elements, other expressions, or function calls.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-151">Это показано в следующем примере.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-151">The following example illustrates this.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#74](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#74)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-152">The preceding example adds the value held in variable `y` to the value held in variable `z`, and then adds the value returned by the call to function `findResult`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-152">The preceding example adds the value held in variable `y` to the value held in variable `z`, and then adds the value returned by the call to function `findResult`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-153">The total value of this expression is then stored in variable `x`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-153">The total value of this expression is then stored in variable `x`.</span></span>

### <a name="data-types-in-assignment-statements"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-154">Data types in assignment statements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-154">Data types in assignment statements</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-155">In addition to numeric values, the assignment operator can also assign `String` values, as the following example illustrates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-155">In addition to numeric values, the assignment operator can also assign `String` values, as the following example illustrates.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#75](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#75)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-156">You can also assign `Boolean` values, using either a `Boolean` literal or a `Boolean` expression, as the following example illustrates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-156">You can also assign `Boolean` values, using either a `Boolean` literal or a `Boolean` expression, as the following example illustrates.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#76](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#76)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-157">Similarly, you can assign appropriate values to programming elements of the `Char`, `Date`, or `Object` data type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-157">Similarly, you can assign appropriate values to programming elements of the `Char`, `Date`, or `Object` data type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-158">You can also assign an object instance to an element declared to be of the class from which that instance is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-158">You can also assign an object instance to an element declared to be of the class from which that instance is created.</span></span>

### <a name="compound-assignment-statements"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-159">Compound assignment statements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-159">Compound assignment statements</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-160">*Compound assignment statements* first perform an operation on an expression before assigning it to a programming element.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-160">*Compound assignment statements* first perform an operation on an expression before assigning it to a programming element.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-161">The following example illustrates one of these operators, `+=`, which increments the value of the variable on the left side of the operator by the value of the expression on the right.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-161">The following example illustrates one of these operators, `+=`, which increments the value of the variable on the left side of the operator by the value of the expression on the right.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#77](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#77)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-162">The preceding example adds 1 to the value of `n`, and then stores that new value in `n`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-162">The preceding example adds 1 to the value of `n`, and then stores that new value in `n`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-163">It is a shorthand equivalent of the following statement:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-163">It is a shorthand equivalent of the following statement:</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#78](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#78)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-164">A variety of compound assignment operations can be performed using operators of this type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-164">A variety of compound assignment operations can be performed using operators of this type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-165">For a list of these operators and more information about them, see [Assignment Operators](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/assignment-operators.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-165">For a list of these operators and more information about them, see [Assignment Operators](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/assignment-operators.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-166">The concatenation assignment operator (`&=`) is useful for adding a string to the end of already existing strings, as the following example illustrates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-166">The concatenation assignment operator (`&=`) is useful for adding a string to the end of already existing strings, as the following example illustrates.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#79](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#79)]

### <a name="type-conversions-in-assignment-statements"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-167">Type Conversions in Assignment Statements</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-167">Type Conversions in Assignment Statements</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-168">The value you assign to a variable, property, or array element must be of a data type appropriate to that destination element.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-168">The value you assign to a variable, property, or array element must be of a data type appropriate to that destination element.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-169">In general, you should try to generate a value of the same data type as that of the destination element.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-169">In general, you should try to generate a value of the same data type as that of the destination element.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-170">However, some types can be converted to other types during assignment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-170">However, some types can be converted to other types during assignment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-171">For information on converting between data types, see [Type Conversions in Visual Basic](./data-types/type-conversions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-171">For information on converting between data types, see [Type Conversions in Visual Basic](./data-types/type-conversions.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-172">In brief, Visual Basic automatically converts a value of a given type to any other type to which it widens.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-172">In brief, Visual Basic automatically converts a value of a given type to any other type to which it widens.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-173">A *widening conversion* is one in that always succeeds at run time and does not lose any data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-173">A *widening conversion* is one in that always succeeds at run time and does not lose any data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-174">For example, Visual Basic converts an `Integer` value to `Double` when appropriate, because `Integer` widens to `Double`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-174">For example, Visual Basic converts an `Integer` value to `Double` when appropriate, because `Integer` widens to `Double`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-175">Для получения дополнительной информации см. [Widening and Narrowing Conversions](./data-types/widening-and-narrowing-conversions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-175">For more information, see [Widening and Narrowing Conversions](./data-types/widening-and-narrowing-conversions.md).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-176">*Narrowing conversions* (those that are not widening) carry a risk of failure at run time, or of data loss.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-176">*Narrowing conversions* (those that are not widening) carry a risk of failure at run time, or of data loss.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-177">You can perform a narrowing conversion explicitly by using a type conversion function, or you can direct the compiler to perform all conversions implicitly by setting `Option Strict Off`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-177">You can perform a narrowing conversion explicitly by using a type conversion function, or you can direct the compiler to perform all conversions implicitly by setting `Option Strict Off`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-178">For more information, see [Implicit and Explicit Conversions](./data-types/implicit-and-explicit-conversions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-178">For more information, see [Implicit and Explicit Conversions](./data-types/implicit-and-explicit-conversions.md).</span></span>

## <a name="putting-multiple-statements-on-one-line"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-179">Putting multiple statements on one line</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-179">Putting multiple statements on one line</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-180">You can have multiple statements on a single line separated by the colon (`:`) character.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-180">You can have multiple statements on a single line separated by the colon (`:`) character.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-181">Это показано в следующем примере.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-181">The following example illustrates this.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#70](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#70)]

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-182">Though occasionally convenient, this form of syntax makes your code hard to read and maintain.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-182">Though occasionally convenient, this form of syntax makes your code hard to read and maintain.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-183">Thus, it is recommended that you keep one statement to a line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-183">Thus, it is recommended that you keep one statement to a line.</span></span>

## <a name="continuing-a-statement-over-multiple-lines"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-184">Continuing a statement over multiple lines</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-184">Continuing a statement over multiple lines</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-185">A statement usually fits on one line, but when it is too long, you can continue it onto the next line using a line-continuation sequence, which consists of a space followed by an underscore character (`_`) followed by a carriage return.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-185">A statement usually fits on one line, but when it is too long, you can continue it onto the next line using a line-continuation sequence, which consists of a space followed by an underscore character (`_`) followed by a carriage return.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-186">In the following example, the `MsgBox` executable statement is continued over two lines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-186">In the following example, the `MsgBox` executable statement is continued over two lines.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#71](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#71)]

### <a name="implicit-line-continuation"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-187">Implicit line continuation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-187">Implicit line continuation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-188">In many cases, you can continue a statement on the next consecutive line without using the underscore character (`_`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-188">In many cases, you can continue a statement on the next consecutive line without using the underscore character (`_`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-189">The following syntax elements implicitly continue the statement on the next line of code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-189">The following syntax elements implicitly continue the statement on the next line of code.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-190">After a comma (`,`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-190">After a comma (`,`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-191">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-191">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#1](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#1)]

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-192">After an open parenthesis (`(`) or before a closing parenthesis (`)`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-192">After an open parenthesis (`(`) or before a closing parenthesis (`)`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-193">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-193">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#2](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#2)]

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-194">After an open curly brace (`{`) or before a closing curly brace (`}`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-194">After an open curly brace (`{`) or before a closing curly brace (`}`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-195">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-195">For example:</span></span>

    [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#3](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#3)]

    <span data-ttu-id="7130a-196">For more information, see [Object Initializers: Named and Anonymous Types](./objects-and-classes/object-initializers-named-and-anonymous-types.md) or [Collection Initializers](./collection-initializers/index.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-196">For more information, see [Object Initializers: Named and Anonymous Types](./objects-and-classes/object-initializers-named-and-anonymous-types.md) or [Collection Initializers](./collection-initializers/index.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-197">After an open embedded expression (`<%=`) or before the close of an embedded expression (`%>`) within an XML literal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-197">After an open embedded expression (`<%=`) or before the close of an embedded expression (`%>`) within an XML literal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-198">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-198">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#4](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#4)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-199">For more information, see [Embedded Expressions in XML](./xml/embedded-expressions-in-xml.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-199">For more information, see [Embedded Expressions in XML](./xml/embedded-expressions-in-xml.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-200">After the concatenation operator (`&`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-200">After the concatenation operator (`&`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-201">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-201">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbcnConventions#9](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbcnConventions/vb/Class1.vb#9)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-202">For more information, see [Operators Listed by Functionality](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/operators-listed-by-functionality.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-202">For more information, see [Operators Listed by Functionality](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/operators-listed-by-functionality.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-203">After assignment operators (`=`, `&=`, `:=`, `+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=`, `\=`, `^=`, `<<=`, `>>=`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-203">After assignment operators (`=`, `&=`, `:=`, `+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=`, `\=`, `^=`, `<<=`, `>>=`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-204">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-204">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#5](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#5)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-205">For more information, see [Operators Listed by Functionality](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/operators-listed-by-functionality.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-205">For more information, see [Operators Listed by Functionality](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/operators-listed-by-functionality.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-206">After binary operators (`+`, `-`, `/`, `*`, `Mod`, `<>`, `<`, `>`, `<=`, `>=`, `^`, `>>`, `<<`, `And`, `AndAlso`, `Or`, `OrElse`, `Like`, `Xor`) within an expression.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-206">After binary operators (`+`, `-`, `/`, `*`, `Mod`, `<>`, `<`, `>`, `<=`, `>=`, `^`, `>>`, `<<`, `And`, `AndAlso`, `Or`, `OrElse`, `Like`, `Xor`) within an expression.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-207">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-207">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#7](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#7)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-208">For more information, see [Operators Listed by Functionality](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/operators-listed-by-functionality.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-208">For more information, see [Operators Listed by Functionality](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/operators-listed-by-functionality.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-209">After the `Is` and `IsNot` operators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-209">After the `Is` and `IsNot` operators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-210">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-210">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#8](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#8)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-211">For more information, see [Operators Listed by Functionality](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/operators-listed-by-functionality.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-211">For more information, see [Operators Listed by Functionality](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/operators-listed-by-functionality.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-212">After a member qualifier character (`.`) and before the member name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-212">After a member qualifier character (`.`) and before the member name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-213">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-213">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#5](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#5)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-214">However, you must include a line-continuation character (`_`) following a member qualifier character when you are using the `With` statement or supplying values in the initialization list for a type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-214">However, you must include a line-continuation character (`_`) following a member qualifier character when you are using the `With` statement or supplying values in the initialization list for a type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-215">Consider breaking the line after the assignment operator (for example, `=`) when you are using `With` statements or object initialization lists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-215">Consider breaking the line after the assignment operator (for example, `=`) when you are using `With` statements or object initialization lists.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-216">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-216">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#14](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#14)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-217">For more information, see [With...End With Statement](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/with-end-with-statement.md) or [Object Initializers: Named and Anonymous Types](./objects-and-classes/object-initializers-named-and-anonymous-types.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-217">For more information, see [With...End With Statement](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/with-end-with-statement.md) or [Object Initializers: Named and Anonymous Types](./objects-and-classes/object-initializers-named-and-anonymous-types.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-218">After an XML axis property qualifier (`.` or `.@` or `...`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-218">After an XML axis property qualifier (`.` or `.@` or `...`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-219">However, you must include a line-continuation character (`_`) when you specify a member qualifier when you are using the `With` keyword.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-219">However, you must include a line-continuation character (`_`) when you specify a member qualifier when you are using the `With` keyword.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-220">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-220">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#9](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#9)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-221">For more information, see [XML Axis Properties](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/xml-axis/index.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-221">For more information, see [XML Axis Properties](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/xml-axis/index.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-222">After a less-than sign (<) or before a greater-than sign (`>`) when you specify an attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-222">After a less-than sign (<) or before a greater-than sign (`>`) when you specify an attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-223">Also after a greater-than sign (`>`) when you specify an attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-223">Also after a greater-than sign (`>`) when you specify an attribute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-224">However, you must include a line-continuation character (`_`) when you specify assembly-level or module-level attributes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-224">However, you must include a line-continuation character (`_`) when you specify assembly-level or module-level attributes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-225">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-225">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#10](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#10)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-226">For more information, see [Attributes overview](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/attributes/index.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-226">For more information, see [Attributes overview](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/attributes/index.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-227">Before and after query operators (`Aggregate`, `Distinct`, `From`, `Group By`, `Group Join`, `Join`, `Let`, `Order By`, `Select`, `Skip`, `Skip While`, `Take`, `Take While`, `Where`, `In`, `Into`, `On`, `Ascending`, and `Descending`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-227">Before and after query operators (`Aggregate`, `Distinct`, `From`, `Group By`, `Group Join`, `Join`, `Let`, `Order By`, `Select`, `Skip`, `Skip While`, `Take`, `Take While`, `Where`, `In`, `Into`, `On`, `Ascending`, and `Descending`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-228">You cannot break a line between the keywords of query operators that are made up of multiple keywords (`Order By`, `Group Join`, `Take While`, and `Skip While`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-228">You cannot break a line between the keywords of query operators that are made up of multiple keywords (`Order By`, `Group Join`, `Take While`, and `Skip While`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-229">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-229">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#11](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#11)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-230">For more information, see [Queries](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/queries/index.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-230">For more information, see [Queries](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/queries/index.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-231">After the `In` keyword in a `For Each` statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-231">After the `In` keyword in a `For Each` statement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-232">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-232">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#12](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#12)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-233">For more information, see [For Each...Next Statement](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/for-each-next-statement.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-233">For more information, see [For Each...Next Statement](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/for-each-next-statement.md).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="7130a-234">After the `From` keyword in a collection initializer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-234">After the `From` keyword in a collection initializer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-235">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-235">For example:</span></span>

   [!code-vb[VbVbalrLineContinuation#13](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/vbvbalrlinecontinuation/vb/module1.vb#13)]

   <span data-ttu-id="7130a-236">Дополнительные сведения см. в разделе [Инициализаторы коллекций](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/collection-initializers/index.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-236">For more information, see [Collection Initializers](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/collection-initializers/index.md).</span></span>

## <a name="adding-comments"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-237">Adding comments</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-237">Adding comments</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-238">Source code is not always self-explanatory, even to the programmer who wrote it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-238">Source code is not always self-explanatory, even to the programmer who wrote it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-239">To help document their code, therefore, most programmers make liberal use of embedded comments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-239">To help document their code, therefore, most programmers make liberal use of embedded comments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-240">Comments in code can explain a procedure or a particular instruction to anyone reading or working with it later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-240">Comments in code can explain a procedure or a particular instruction to anyone reading or working with it later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-241">Visual Basic ignores comments during compilation, and they do not affect the compiled code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-241">Visual Basic ignores comments during compilation, and they do not affect the compiled code.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-242">Comment lines begin with an apostrophe (`'`) or `REM` followed by a space.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-242">Comment lines begin with an apostrophe (`'`) or `REM` followed by a space.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-243">They can be added anywhere in code, except within a string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-243">They can be added anywhere in code, except within a string.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-244">To append a comment to a statement, insert an apostrophe or `REM` after the statement, followed by the comment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-244">To append a comment to a statement, insert an apostrophe or `REM` after the statement, followed by the comment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-245">Comments can also go on their own separate line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-245">Comments can also go on their own separate line.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-246">The following example demonstrates these possibilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-246">The following example demonstrates these possibilities.</span></span>

[!code-vb[VbVbalrStatements#72](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrStatements/VB/Class1.vb#72)]

## <a name="checking-compilation-errors"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-247">Checking compilation errors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-247">Checking compilation errors</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="7130a-248">If, after you type a line of code, the line is displayed with a wavy blue underline (an error message may appear as well), there is a syntax error in the statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-248">If, after you type a line of code, the line is displayed with a wavy blue underline (an error message may appear as well), there is a syntax error in the statement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-249">You must find out what is wrong with the statement (by looking in the task list, or hovering over the error with the mouse pointer and reading the error message) and correct it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-249">You must find out what is wrong with the statement (by looking in the task list, or hovering over the error with the mouse pointer and reading the error message) and correct it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="7130a-250">Until you have fixed all syntax errors in your code, your program will fail to compile correctly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-250">Until you have fixed all syntax errors in your code, your program will fail to compile correctly.</span></span>

## <a name="related-sections"></a><span data-ttu-id="7130a-251">Связанные разделы</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-251">Related sections</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="7130a-252">Термин</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-252">Term</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="7130a-253">Определение</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-253">Definition</span></span>|
|---|---|
|[<span data-ttu-id="7130a-254">Операторы присваивания</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-254">Assignment Operators</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/operators/assignment-operators.md)|<span data-ttu-id="7130a-255">Provides links to language reference pages covering assignment operators such as `=`, `*=`, and `&=`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-255">Provides links to language reference pages covering assignment operators such as `=`, `*=`, and `&=`.</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="7130a-256">Операторы и выражения</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-256">Operators and Expressions</span></span>](./operators-and-expressions/index.md)|<span data-ttu-id="7130a-257">Shows how to combine elements with operators to yield new values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-257">Shows how to combine elements with operators to yield new values.</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="7130a-258">Практическое руководство. Разбиение и объединение инструкций в коде</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-258">How to: Break and Combine Statements in Code</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/program-structure/how-to-break-and-combine-statements-in-code.md)|<span data-ttu-id="7130a-259">Shows how to break a single statement into multiple lines and how to place multiple statements on the same line.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-259">Shows how to break a single statement into multiple lines and how to place multiple statements on the same line.</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="7130a-260">Практическое руководство. Операторы меток</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-260">How to: Label Statements</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/program-structure/how-to-label-statements.md)|<span data-ttu-id="7130a-261">Shows how to label a line of code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="7130a-261">Shows how to label a line of code.</span></span>|
