---
title: Вызов свойства или метода с помощью строкового имени
ms.date: 07/20/2015
helpviewer_keywords:
- passing operators [Visual Basic]
- strings [Visual Basic], passing new operators as
- objects [Visual Basic], setting properties
- setting properties, object properties at run time
- method calls [Visual Basic], strings
- methods [Visual Basic], calling with string names
- calling methods [Visual Basic], string names
- properties [Visual Basic], setting at run time
- CallByName function
ms.assetid: 79a7b8b4-b8c7-4ad8-aca8-12a9a2b32f03
ms.openlocfilehash: cb584f0dfbd905ca071f9a86b1eab231f3017538
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74345211"
---
# <a name="calling-a-property-or-method-using-a-string-name-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="121a7-102">Вызов свойства или метода с помощью строкового имени (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-102">Calling a Property or Method Using a String Name (Visual Basic)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="121a7-103">In most cases, you can discover the properties and methods of an object at design time, and write code to handle them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-103">In most cases, you can discover the properties and methods of an object at design time, and write code to handle them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-104">However, in some cases you may not know about an object's properties and methods in advance, or you may just want the flexibility of enabling an end user to specify properties or execute methods at run time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-104">However, in some cases you may not know about an object's properties and methods in advance, or you may just want the flexibility of enabling an end user to specify properties or execute methods at run time.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="callbyname-function"></a><span data-ttu-id="121a7-105">CallByName Function</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-105">CallByName Function</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="121a7-106">Consider, for example, a client application that evaluates expressions entered by the user by passing an operator to a COM component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-106">Consider, for example, a client application that evaluates expressions entered by the user by passing an operator to a COM component.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-107">Suppose you are constantly adding new functions to the component that require new operators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-107">Suppose you are constantly adding new functions to the component that require new operators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-108">When you use standard object access techniques, you must recompile and redistribute the client application before it could use the new operators.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-108">When you use standard object access techniques, you must recompile and redistribute the client application before it could use the new operators.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-109">To avoid this, you can use the `CallByName` function to pass the new operators as strings, without changing the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-109">To avoid this, you can use the `CallByName` function to pass the new operators as strings, without changing the application.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="121a7-110">The `CallByName` function lets you use a string to specify a property or method at run time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-110">The `CallByName` function lets you use a string to specify a property or method at run time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-111">The signature for the `CallByName` function looks like this:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-111">The signature for the `CallByName` function looks like this:</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="121a7-112">*Result* = `CallByName`(*Object*, *ProcedureName*, *CallType*, *Arguments*())</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-112">*Result* = `CallByName`(*Object*, *ProcedureName*, *CallType*, *Arguments*())</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="121a7-113">The first argument, *Object*, takes the name of the object you want to act upon.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-113">The first argument, *Object*, takes the name of the object you want to act upon.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-114">The *ProcedureName* argument takes a string that contains the name of the method or property procedure to be invoked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-114">The *ProcedureName* argument takes a string that contains the name of the method or property procedure to be invoked.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-115">The *CallType* argument takes a constant that represents the type of procedure to invoke: a method (`Microsoft.VisualBasic.CallType.Method`), a property read (`Microsoft.VisualBasic.CallType.Get`), or a property set (`Microsoft.VisualBasic.CallType.Set`).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-115">The *CallType* argument takes a constant that represents the type of procedure to invoke: a method (`Microsoft.VisualBasic.CallType.Method`), a property read (`Microsoft.VisualBasic.CallType.Get`), or a property set (`Microsoft.VisualBasic.CallType.Set`).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-116">The *Arguments* argument, which is optional, takes an array of type `Object` that contains any arguments to the procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-116">The *Arguments* argument, which is optional, takes an array of type `Object` that contains any arguments to the procedure.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="121a7-117">You can use `CallByName` with classes in your current solution, but it is most often used to access COM objects or objects from .NET Framework assemblies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-117">You can use `CallByName` with classes in your current solution, but it is most often used to access COM objects or objects from .NET Framework assemblies.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="121a7-118">Suppose you add a reference to an assembly that contains a class named `MathClass`, which has a new function named `SquareRoot`, as shown in the following code:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-118">Suppose you add a reference to an assembly that contains a class named `MathClass`, which has a new function named `SquareRoot`, as shown in the following code:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrOOP#53](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrOOP/VB/OOP.vb#53)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="121a7-119">Your application could use text box controls to control which method will be called and its arguments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-119">Your application could use text box controls to control which method will be called and its arguments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-120">For example, if `TextBox1` contains the expression to be evaluated, and `TextBox2` is used to enter the name of the function, you can use the following code to invoke the `SquareRoot` function on the expression in `TextBox1`:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-120">For example, if `TextBox1` contains the expression to be evaluated, and `TextBox2` is used to enter the name of the function, you can use the following code to invoke the `SquareRoot` function on the expression in `TextBox1`:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrOOP#54](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrOOP/VB/OOP.vb#54)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="121a7-121">If you enter "64" in `TextBox1`, "SquareRoot" in `TextBox2`, and then call the `CallMath` procedure, the square root of the number in `TextBox1` is evaluated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-121">If you enter "64" in `TextBox1`, "SquareRoot" in `TextBox2`, and then call the `CallMath` procedure, the square root of the number in `TextBox1` is evaluated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-122">The code in the example invokes the `SquareRoot` function (which takes a string that contains the expression to be evaluated as a required argument) and returns "8" in `TextBox1` (the square root of 64).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-122">The code in the example invokes the `SquareRoot` function (which takes a string that contains the expression to be evaluated as a required argument) and returns "8" in `TextBox1` (the square root of 64).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-123">Of course, if the user enters an invalid string in `TextBox2`, if the string contains the name of a property instead of a method, or if the method had an additional required argument, a run-time error occurs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-123">Of course, if the user enters an invalid string in `TextBox2`, if the string contains the name of a property instead of a method, or if the method had an additional required argument, a run-time error occurs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-124">You have to add robust error-handling code when you use `CallByName` to anticipate these or any other errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-124">You have to add robust error-handling code when you use `CallByName` to anticipate these or any other errors.</span></span>  
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-125">While the `CallByName` function may be useful in some cases, you must weigh its usefulness against the performance implications — using `CallByName` to invoke a procedure is slightly slower than a late-bound call.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-125">While the `CallByName` function may be useful in some cases, you must weigh its usefulness against the performance implications — using `CallByName` to invoke a procedure is slightly slower than a late-bound call.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="121a7-126">If you are invoking a function that is called repeatedly, such as inside a loop, `CallByName` can have a severe effect on performance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-126">If you are invoking a function that is called repeatedly, such as inside a loop, `CallByName` can have a severe effect on performance.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="121a7-127">См. также</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-127">See also</span></span>

- <xref:Microsoft.VisualBasic.Interaction.CallByName%2A>
- [<span data-ttu-id="121a7-128">Определение типа объекта</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="121a7-128">Determining Object Type</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/early-late-binding/determining-object-type.md)
