---
title: Устранение неполадок взаимодействия
ms.date: 07/20/2015
helpviewer_keywords:
- interop, deploying assemblies
- assemblies [Visual Basic]
- interop, installing assemblies that share components
- COM objects, troubleshooting
- interop, sharing components
- troubleshooting interoperability [Visual Basic]
- interoperability, troubleshooting
- COM interop [Visual Basic], troubleshooting
- assemblies [Visual Basic], deploying
- troubleshooting Visual Basic, interoperability
- interop assemblies
- interoperability, sharing components
- shared components, using with assemblies
ms.assetid: b324cc1e-b03c-4f39-aea6-6a6d5bfd0e37
ms.openlocfilehash: 344c180cf0b9426898e17b45db768a337fd45beb
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74338683"
---
# <a name="troubleshooting-interoperability-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="cf16f-102">Устранение неполадок взаимодействия (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-102">Troubleshooting Interoperability (Visual Basic)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="cf16f-103">When you interoperate between COM and the managed code of the .NET Framework, you may encounter one or more of the following common issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-103">When you interoperate between COM and the managed code of the .NET Framework, you may encounter one or more of the following common issues.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor1"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-104">Interop Marshaling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-104">Interop Marshaling</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-105">At times, you may have to use data types that are not part of the .NET Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-105">At times, you may have to use data types that are not part of the .NET Framework.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-106">Interop assemblies handle most of the work for COM objects, but you may have to control the data types that are used when managed objects are exposed to COM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-106">Interop assemblies handle most of the work for COM objects, but you may have to control the data types that are used when managed objects are exposed to COM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-107">For example, structures in class libraries must specify the `BStr` unmanaged type on strings sent to COM objects created by Visual Basic 6.0 and earlier versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-107">For example, structures in class libraries must specify the `BStr` unmanaged type on strings sent to COM objects created by Visual Basic 6.0 and earlier versions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-108">In such cases, you can use the <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.MarshalAsAttribute> attribute to cause managed types to be exposed as unmanaged types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-108">In such cases, you can use the <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.MarshalAsAttribute> attribute to cause managed types to be exposed as unmanaged types.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor2"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-109">Exporting Fixed-Length Strings to Unmanaged Code</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-109">Exporting Fixed-Length Strings to Unmanaged Code</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-110">In Visual Basic 6.0 and earlier versions, strings are exported to COM objects as sequences of bytes without a null termination character.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-110">In Visual Basic 6.0 and earlier versions, strings are exported to COM objects as sequences of bytes without a null termination character.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-111">For compatibility with other languages, Visual Basic .NET includes a termination character when exporting strings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-111">For compatibility with other languages, Visual Basic .NET includes a termination character when exporting strings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-112">The best way to address this incompatibility is to export strings that lack the termination character as arrays of `Byte` or `Char`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-112">The best way to address this incompatibility is to export strings that lack the termination character as arrays of `Byte` or `Char`.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor3"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-113">Exporting Inheritance Hierarchies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-113">Exporting Inheritance Hierarchies</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-114">Managed class hierarchies flatten out when exposed as COM objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-114">Managed class hierarchies flatten out when exposed as COM objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-115">For example, if you define a base class with a member, and then inherit the base class in a derived class that is exposed as a COM object, clients that use the derived class in the COM object will not be able to use the inherited members.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-115">For example, if you define a base class with a member, and then inherit the base class in a derived class that is exposed as a COM object, clients that use the derived class in the COM object will not be able to use the inherited members.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-116">Base class members can be accessed from COM objects only as instances of a base class, and then only if the base class is also created as a COM object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-116">Base class members can be accessed from COM objects only as instances of a base class, and then only if the base class is also created as a COM object.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="overloaded-methods"></a><span data-ttu-id="cf16f-117">Перегруженные методы</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-117">Overloaded Methods</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-118">Although you can create overloaded methods with Visual Basic, they are not supported by COM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-118">Although you can create overloaded methods with Visual Basic, they are not supported by COM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-119">When a class that contains overloaded methods is exposed as a COM object, new method names are generated for the overloaded methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-119">When a class that contains overloaded methods is exposed as a COM object, new method names are generated for the overloaded methods.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-120">For example, consider a class that has two overloads of the `Synch` method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-120">For example, consider a class that has two overloads of the `Synch` method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-121">When the class is exposed as a COM object, the new generated method names could be `Synch` and `Synch_2`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-121">When the class is exposed as a COM object, the new generated method names could be `Synch` and `Synch_2`.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-122">The renaming can cause two problems for consumers of the COM object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-122">The renaming can cause two problems for consumers of the COM object.</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-123">Clients might not expect the generated method names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-123">Clients might not expect the generated method names.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-124">The generated method names in the class exposed as a COM object can change when new overloads are added to the class or its base class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-124">The generated method names in the class exposed as a COM object can change when new overloads are added to the class or its base class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-125">This can cause versioning problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-125">This can cause versioning problems.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-126">To solve both problems, give each method a unique name, instead of using overloading, when you develop objects that will be exposed as COM objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-126">To solve both problems, give each method a unique name, instead of using overloading, when you develop objects that will be exposed as COM objects.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor4"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-127">Use of COM Objects Through Interop Assemblies</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-127">Use of COM Objects Through Interop Assemblies</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-128">You use interop assemblies almost as if they are managed code replacements for the COM objects they represent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-128">You use interop assemblies almost as if they are managed code replacements for the COM objects they represent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-129">However, because they are wrappers and not actual COM objects, there are some differences between using interop assemblies and standard assemblies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-129">However, because they are wrappers and not actual COM objects, there are some differences between using interop assemblies and standard assemblies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-130">These areas of difference include the exposure of classes, and data types for parameters and return values.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-130">These areas of difference include the exposure of classes, and data types for parameters and return values.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor5"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-131">Classes Exposed as Both Interfaces and Classes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-131">Classes Exposed as Both Interfaces and Classes</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-132">Unlike classes in standard assemblies, COM classes are exposed in interop assemblies as both an interface and a class that represents the COM class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-132">Unlike classes in standard assemblies, COM classes are exposed in interop assemblies as both an interface and a class that represents the COM class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-133">The interface's name is identical to that of the COM class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-133">The interface's name is identical to that of the COM class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-134">The name of the interop class is the same as that of the original COM class, but with the word "Class" appended.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-134">The name of the interop class is the same as that of the original COM class, but with the word "Class" appended.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-135">For example, suppose you have a project with a reference to an interop assembly for a COM object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-135">For example, suppose you have a project with a reference to an interop assembly for a COM object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-136">If the COM class is named `MyComClass`, IntelliSense and the Object Browser show an interface named `MyComClass` and a class named `MyComClassClass`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-136">If the COM class is named `MyComClass`, IntelliSense and the Object Browser show an interface named `MyComClass` and a class named `MyComClassClass`.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor6"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-137">Creating Instances of a .NET Framework Class</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-137">Creating Instances of a .NET Framework Class</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-138">Generally, you create an instance of a .NET Framework class using the `New` statement with a class name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-138">Generally, you create an instance of a .NET Framework class using the `New` statement with a class name.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-139">Having a COM class represented by an interop assembly is the one case in which you can use the `New` statement with an interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-139">Having a COM class represented by an interop assembly is the one case in which you can use the `New` statement with an interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-140">Unless you are using the COM class with an `Inherits` statement, you can use the interface just as you would a class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-140">Unless you are using the COM class with an `Inherits` statement, you can use the interface just as you would a class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-141">The following code demonstrates how to create a `Command` object in a project that has a reference to the Microsoft ActiveX Data Objects 2.8 Library COM object:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-141">The following code demonstrates how to create a `Command` object in a project that has a reference to the Microsoft ActiveX Data Objects 2.8 Library COM object:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#20](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#20)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-142">However, if you are using the COM class as the base for a derived class, you must use the interop class that represents the COM class, as in the following code:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-142">However, if you are using the COM class as the base for a derived class, you must use the interop class that represents the COM class, as in the following code:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#21](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#21)]  
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-143">Interop assemblies implicitly implement interfaces that represent COM classes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-143">Interop assemblies implicitly implement interfaces that represent COM classes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-144">You should not try to use the `Implements` statement to implement these interfaces or an error will result.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-144">You should not try to use the `Implements` statement to implement these interfaces or an error will result.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor7"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-145">Data Types for Parameters and Return Values</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-145">Data Types for Parameters and Return Values</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-146">Unlike members of standard assemblies, interop assembly members may have data types that differ from those used in the  original object declaration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-146">Unlike members of standard assemblies, interop assembly members may have data types that differ from those used in the  original object declaration.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-147">Although interop assemblies implicitly convert COM types to compatible common language runtime types, you should pay attention to the data types that are used by both sides to prevent runtime errors.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-147">Although interop assemblies implicitly convert COM types to compatible common language runtime types, you should pay attention to the data types that are used by both sides to prevent runtime errors.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-148">For example, in COM objects created in Visual Basic 6.0 and earlier versions, values of type `Integer` assume the .NET Framework equivalent type, `Short`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-148">For example, in COM objects created in Visual Basic 6.0 and earlier versions, values of type `Integer` assume the .NET Framework equivalent type, `Short`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-149">It is recommended that you use the Object Browser to examine the characteristics of imported members before you use them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-149">It is recommended that you use the Object Browser to examine the characteristics of imported members before you use them.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor8"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-150">Module level COM methods</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-150">Module level COM methods</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-151">Most COM objects are used by creating an instance of a COM class using the `New` keyword and then calling methods of the object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-151">Most COM objects are used by creating an instance of a COM class using the `New` keyword and then calling methods of the object.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-152">One exception to this rule involves COM objects that contain `AppObj` or `GlobalMultiUse` COM classes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-152">One exception to this rule involves COM objects that contain `AppObj` or `GlobalMultiUse` COM classes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-153">Such classes resemble module level methods in Visual Basic .NET classes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-153">Such classes resemble module level methods in Visual Basic .NET classes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-154">Visual Basic 6.0 and earlier versions implicitly create instances of such objects for you the first time that you call one of their methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-154">Visual Basic 6.0 and earlier versions implicitly create instances of such objects for you the first time that you call one of their methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-155">For example, in Visual Basic 6.0 you can add a reference to the Microsoft DAO 3.6 Object Library and call the `DBEngine` method without first creating an instance:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-155">For example, in Visual Basic 6.0 you can add a reference to the Microsoft DAO 3.6 Object Library and call the `DBEngine` method without first creating an instance:</span></span>  
  
```vb  
Dim db As DAO.Database  
' Open the database.  
Set db = DBEngine.OpenDatabase("C:\nwind.mdb")  
' Use the database object.  
```  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-156">Visual Basic .NET requires that you always create instances of COM objects before you can use their methods.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-156">Visual Basic .NET requires that you always create instances of COM objects before you can use their methods.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-157">To use these methods in Visual Basic, declare a variable of the desired class and use the new keyword to assign the object to the object variable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-157">To use these methods in Visual Basic, declare a variable of the desired class and use the new keyword to assign the object to the object variable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-158">The `Shared` keyword can be used when you want to make sure that only one instance of the class is created.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-158">The `Shared` keyword can be used when you want to make sure that only one instance of the class is created.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#23](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#23)]  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor9"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-159">Unhandled Errors in Event Handlers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-159">Unhandled Errors in Event Handlers</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-160">One common interop problem involves errors in event handlers that handle events raised by COM objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-160">One common interop problem involves errors in event handlers that handle events raised by COM objects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-161">Such errors are ignored unless you specifically check for errors using `On Error` or `Try...Catch...Finally` statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-161">Such errors are ignored unless you specifically check for errors using `On Error` or `Try...Catch...Finally` statements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-162">For example, the following example is from a Visual Basic .NET project that has a reference to the Microsoft ActiveX Data Objects 2.8 Library COM object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-162">For example, the following example is from a Visual Basic .NET project that has a reference to the Microsoft ActiveX Data Objects 2.8 Library COM object.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#24](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#24)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-163">This example raises an error as expected.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-163">This example raises an error as expected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-164">However, if you try the same example without the `Try...Catch...Finally` block, the error is ignored as if you used the `OnError Resume Next` statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-164">However, if you try the same example without the `Try...Catch...Finally` block, the error is ignored as if you used the `OnError Resume Next` statement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-165">Without error handling, the division by zero silently fails.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-165">Without error handling, the division by zero silently fails.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-166">Because such errors never raise unhandled exception errors, it is important that you use some form of exception handling in event handlers that handle events from COM objects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-166">Because such errors never raise unhandled exception errors, it is important that you use some form of exception handling in event handlers that handle events from COM objects.</span></span>  
  
### <a name="understanding-com-interop-errors"></a><span data-ttu-id="cf16f-167">Understanding COM interop errors</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-167">Understanding COM interop errors</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-168">Without error handling, interop calls often generate errors that provide little information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-168">Without error handling, interop calls often generate errors that provide little information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-169">Whenever possible, use structured error handling to provide more information about problems when they occur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-169">Whenever possible, use structured error handling to provide more information about problems when they occur.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-170">This can be especially helpful when you debug applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-170">This can be especially helpful when you debug applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-171">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-171">For example:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#25](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#25)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-172">You can find information such as the error description, HRESULT, and the source of COM errors by examining the contents of the exception object.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-172">You can find information such as the error description, HRESULT, and the source of COM errors by examining the contents of the exception object.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor10"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-173">ActiveX Control Issues</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-173">ActiveX Control Issues</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-174">Most ActiveX controls that work with Visual Basic 6.0 work with Visual Basic .NET without trouble.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-174">Most ActiveX controls that work with Visual Basic 6.0 work with Visual Basic .NET without trouble.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-175">The main exceptions are container controls, or controls that visually contain other controls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-175">The main exceptions are container controls, or controls that visually contain other controls.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-176">Some examples of older controls that do not work correctly with Visual Studio are as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-176">Some examples of older controls that do not work correctly with Visual Studio are as follows:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-177">Microsoft Forms 2.0 Frame control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-177">Microsoft Forms 2.0 Frame control</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-178">Up-Down control, also known as the spin control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-178">Up-Down control, also known as the spin control</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-179">Sheridan Tab Control</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-179">Sheridan Tab Control</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-180">There are only a few workarounds for unsupported ActiveX control problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-180">There are only a few workarounds for unsupported ActiveX control problems.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-181">You can migrate existing controls to Visual Studio if you own the original source code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-181">You can migrate existing controls to Visual Studio if you own the original source code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-182">Otherwise, you can check with software vendors for updated .NET-compatible versions of controls to replace unsupported ActiveX controls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-182">Otherwise, you can check with software vendors for updated .NET-compatible versions of controls to replace unsupported ActiveX controls.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor11"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-183">Passing ReadOnly Properties of Controls ByRef</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-183">Passing ReadOnly Properties of Controls ByRef</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-184">Visual Basic .NET sometimes raises COM errors such as, "Error 0x800A017F CTL_E_SETNOTSUPPORTED", when you pass `ReadOnly` properties of some older ActiveX controls as `ByRef` parameters to other procedures.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-184">Visual Basic .NET sometimes raises COM errors such as, "Error 0x800A017F CTL_E_SETNOTSUPPORTED", when you pass `ReadOnly` properties of some older ActiveX controls as `ByRef` parameters to other procedures.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-185">Similar procedure calls from Visual Basic 6.0 do not raise an error, and the parameters are treated as if you passed them by value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-185">Similar procedure calls from Visual Basic 6.0 do not raise an error, and the parameters are treated as if you passed them by value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-186">The Visual Basic .NET error message indicates that you are trying to change a property that does not have a property `Set` procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-186">The Visual Basic .NET error message indicates that you are trying to change a property that does not have a property `Set` procedure.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-187">If you have access to the procedure being called, you can prevent this error by using the `ByVal` keyword to declare parameters that accept `ReadOnly` properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-187">If you have access to the procedure being called, you can prevent this error by using the `ByVal` keyword to declare parameters that accept `ReadOnly` properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-188">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-188">For example:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#26](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#26)]  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-189">If you do not have access to the source code for the procedure being called, you can force the property to be passed by value by adding an extra set of brackets around the calling procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-189">If you do not have access to the source code for the procedure being called, you can force the property to be passed by value by adding an extra set of brackets around the calling procedure.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-190">For example, in a project that has a reference to the Microsoft ActiveX Data Objects 2.8 Library COM object, you can use:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-190">For example, in a project that has a reference to the Microsoft ActiveX Data Objects 2.8 Library COM object, you can use:</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#27](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#27)]  
  
## <a name="vbconinteroperabilitymarshalinganchor12"></a> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-191">Deploying Assemblies That Expose Interop</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-191">Deploying Assemblies That Expose Interop</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-192">Deploying assemblies that expose COM interfaces presents some unique challenges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-192">Deploying assemblies that expose COM interfaces presents some unique challenges.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-193">For example, a potential problem occurs when separate applications reference the same COM assembly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-193">For example, a potential problem occurs when separate applications reference the same COM assembly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-194">This situation is common when a new version of an assembly is installed and another application is still using the old version of the assembly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-194">This situation is common when a new version of an assembly is installed and another application is still using the old version of the assembly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-195">If you uninstall an assembly that shares a DLL, you can unintentionally make it unavailable to the other assemblies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-195">If you uninstall an assembly that shares a DLL, you can unintentionally make it unavailable to the other assemblies.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-196">To avoid this problem, you should install shared assemblies to the Global Assembly Cache (GAC) and use a MergeModule for the component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-196">To avoid this problem, you should install shared assemblies to the Global Assembly Cache (GAC) and use a MergeModule for the component.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-197">If you cannot install the application in the GAC, it should be installed to CommonFilesFolder in a version-specific subdirectory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-197">If you cannot install the application in the GAC, it should be installed to CommonFilesFolder in a version-specific subdirectory.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="cf16f-198">Assemblies that are not shared should be located side by side in the directory with the calling application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-198">Assemblies that are not shared should be located side by side in the directory with the calling application.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="cf16f-199">См. также</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-199">See also</span></span>

- <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.MarshalAsAttribute>
- [<span data-ttu-id="cf16f-200">COM-взаимодействие</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-200">COM Interop</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/com-interop/index.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="cf16f-201">Tlbimp.exe (программа экспорта библиотек типов)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-201">Tlbimp.exe (Type Library Importer)</span></span>](../../../framework/tools/tlbimp-exe-type-library-importer.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="cf16f-202">Tlbexp.exe (программа экспорта библиотек типов)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-202">Tlbexp.exe (Type Library Exporter)</span></span>](../../../framework/tools/tlbexp-exe-type-library-exporter.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="cf16f-203">Пошаговое руководство. Реализация наследования с использованием COM-объектов</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-203">Walkthrough: Implementing Inheritance with COM Objects</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/com-interop/walkthrough-implementing-inheritance-with-com-objects.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="cf16f-204">Оператор Inherits</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-204">Inherits Statement</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/inherits-statement.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="cf16f-205">Глобальный кэш сборок</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="cf16f-205">Global Assembly Cache</span></span>](../../../framework/app-domains/gac.md)
