---
title: Пошаговое руководство. Вызов API Windows
ms.date: 07/20/2015
helpviewer_keywords:
- DLLs, calling
- Windows API, walkthroughs
- platform invoke, walkthroughs
- API calls [Visual Basic], walkthroughs [Visual Basic]
- Windows API, calling
- walkthroughs [Visual Basic], API calls
- DllImport attribute, calling Windows API
- Declare statement [Visual Basic], declaring DLL functions
ms.assetid: 9280ca96-7a93-47a3-8d01-6d01be0657cb
ms.openlocfilehash: ec6b8ddc8769fadde52aaebd6ad3701183fac77a
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74338670"
---
# <a name="walkthrough-calling-windows-apis-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-102">Пошаговое руководство. Вызов API Windows (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-102">Walkthrough: Calling Windows APIs (Visual Basic)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-103">Windows APIs are dynamic-link libraries (DLLs) that are part of the Windows operating system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-103">Windows APIs are dynamic-link libraries (DLLs) that are part of the Windows operating system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-104">You use them to perform tasks when it is difficult to write equivalent procedures of your own.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-104">You use them to perform tasks when it is difficult to write equivalent procedures of your own.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-105">For example, Windows provides a function named `FlashWindowEx` that lets you make the title bar for an application alternate between light and dark shades.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-105">For example, Windows provides a function named `FlashWindowEx` that lets you make the title bar for an application alternate between light and dark shades.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-106">The advantage of using Windows APIs in your code is that they can save development time because they contain dozens of useful functions that are already written and waiting to be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-106">The advantage of using Windows APIs in your code is that they can save development time because they contain dozens of useful functions that are already written and waiting to be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-107">The disadvantage is that Windows APIs can be difficult to work with and unforgiving when things go wrong.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-107">The disadvantage is that Windows APIs can be difficult to work with and unforgiving when things go wrong.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-108">Windows APIs represent a special category of interoperability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-108">Windows APIs represent a special category of interoperability.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-109">Windows APIs do not use managed code, do not have built-in type libraries, and use data types that are different than those used with Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-109">Windows APIs do not use managed code, do not have built-in type libraries, and use data types that are different than those used with Visual Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-110">Because of these differences, and because Windows APIs are not COM objects, interoperability with Windows APIs and the .NET Framework is performed using platform invoke, or PInvoke.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-110">Because of these differences, and because Windows APIs are not COM objects, interoperability with Windows APIs and the .NET Framework is performed using platform invoke, or PInvoke.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-111">Platform invoke is a service that enables managed code to call unmanaged functions implemented in DLLs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-111">Platform invoke is a service that enables managed code to call unmanaged functions implemented in DLLs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-112">For more information, see [Consuming Unmanaged DLL Functions](../../../framework/interop/consuming-unmanaged-dll-functions.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-112">For more information, see [Consuming Unmanaged DLL Functions](../../../framework/interop/consuming-unmanaged-dll-functions.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-113">You can use PInvoke in Visual Basic by using either the `Declare` statement or applying the `DllImport` attribute to an empty procedure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-113">You can use PInvoke in Visual Basic by using either the `Declare` statement or applying the `DllImport` attribute to an empty procedure.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-114">Windows API calls were an important part of Visual Basic programming in the past, but are seldom necessary with Visual Basic .NET.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-114">Windows API calls were an important part of Visual Basic programming in the past, but are seldom necessary with Visual Basic .NET.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-115">Whenever possible, you should use managed code from the .NET Framework to perform tasks, instead of Windows API calls.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-115">Whenever possible, you should use managed code from the .NET Framework to perform tasks, instead of Windows API calls.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-116">This walkthrough provides information for those situations in which using Windows APIs is necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-116">This walkthrough provides information for those situations in which using Windows APIs is necessary.</span></span>  
  
[!INCLUDE[note_settings_general](~/includes/note-settings-general-md.md)]  
  
## <a name="api-calls-using-declare"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-117">API Calls Using Declare</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-117">API Calls Using Declare</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-118">The most common way to call Windows APIs is by using the `Declare` statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-118">The most common way to call Windows APIs is by using the `Declare` statement.</span></span>  
  
### <a name="to-declare-a-dll-procedure"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-119">To declare a DLL procedure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-119">To declare a DLL procedure</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-120">Determine the name of the function you want to call, plus its arguments, argument types, and return value, as well as the name and location of the DLL that contains it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-120">Determine the name of the function you want to call, plus its arguments, argument types, and return value, as well as the name and location of the DLL that contains it.</span></span>  
  
    > [!NOTE]
    > <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-121">For complete information about the Windows APIs, see the Win32 SDK documentation in the Platform SDK Windows API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-121">For complete information about the Windows APIs, see the Win32 SDK documentation in the Platform SDK Windows API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-122">For more information about the constants that Windows APIs use, examine the header files such as Windows.h included with the Platform SDK.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-122">For more information about the constants that Windows APIs use, examine the header files such as Windows.h included with the Platform SDK.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-123">Open a new Windows Application project by clicking **New** on the **File** menu, and then clicking **Project**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-123">Open a new Windows Application project by clicking **New** on the **File** menu, and then clicking **Project**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-124">Откроется диалоговое окно **Новый проект** .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-124">The **New Project** dialog box appears.</span></span>  
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-125">Select **Windows Application** from the list of Visual Basic project templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-125">Select **Windows Application** from the list of Visual Basic project templates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-126">The new project is displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-126">The new project is displayed.</span></span>  
  
4. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-127">Add the following `Declare` function either to the class or module in which you want to use the DLL:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-127">Add the following `Declare` function either to the class or module in which you want to use the DLL:</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#9](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#9)]  
  
### <a name="parts-of-the-declare-statement"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-128">Parts of the Declare Statement</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-128">Parts of the Declare Statement</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-129">The `Declare` statement includes the following elements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-129">The `Declare` statement includes the following elements.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="auto-modifier"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-130">Auto modifier</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-130">Auto modifier</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-131">The `Auto` modifier instructs the runtime to convert the string based on the method name according to common language runtime rules (or alias name if specified).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-131">The `Auto` modifier instructs the runtime to convert the string based on the method name according to common language runtime rules (or alias name if specified).</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="lib-and-alias-keywords"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-132">Lib and Alias keywords</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-132">Lib and Alias keywords</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-133">The name following the `Function` keyword is the name your program uses to access the imported function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-133">The name following the `Function` keyword is the name your program uses to access the imported function.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-134">It can be the same as the real name of the function you are calling, or you can use any valid procedure name and then employ the `Alias` keyword to specify the real name of the function you are calling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-134">It can be the same as the real name of the function you are calling, or you can use any valid procedure name and then employ the `Alias` keyword to specify the real name of the function you are calling.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-135">Specify the `Lib` keyword, followed by the name and location of the DLL that contains the function you are calling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-135">Specify the `Lib` keyword, followed by the name and location of the DLL that contains the function you are calling.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-136">You do not need to specify the path for files located in the Windows system directories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-136">You do not need to specify the path for files located in the Windows system directories.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-137">Use the `Alias` keyword if the name of the function you are calling is not a valid Visual Basic procedure name, or conflicts with the name of other items in your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-137">Use the `Alias` keyword if the name of the function you are calling is not a valid Visual Basic procedure name, or conflicts with the name of other items in your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-138">`Alias` indicates the true name of the function being called.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-138">`Alias` indicates the true name of the function being called.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="argument-and-data-type-declarations"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-139">Argument and Data Type Declarations</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-139">Argument and Data Type Declarations</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-140">Declare the arguments and their data types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-140">Declare the arguments and their data types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-141">This part can be challenging because the data types that Windows uses do not correspond to Visual Studio data types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-141">This part can be challenging because the data types that Windows uses do not correspond to Visual Studio data types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-142">Visual Basic does a lot of the work for you by converting arguments to compatible data types, a process called *marshaling*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-142">Visual Basic does a lot of the work for you by converting arguments to compatible data types, a process called *marshaling*.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-143">You can explicitly control how arguments are marshaled by using the <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.MarshalAsAttribute> attribute defined in the <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices> namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-143">You can explicitly control how arguments are marshaled by using the <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.MarshalAsAttribute> attribute defined in the <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices> namespace.</span></span>  
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-144">Previous versions of Visual Basic allowed you to declare parameters `As Any`, meaning that data of any data type could be used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-144">Previous versions of Visual Basic allowed you to declare parameters `As Any`, meaning that data of any data type could be used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-145">Visual Basic requires that you use a specific data type for all `Declare` statements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-145">Visual Basic requires that you use a specific data type for all `Declare` statements.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="windows-api-constants"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-146">Windows API Constants</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-146">Windows API Constants</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-147">Some arguments are combinations of constants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-147">Some arguments are combinations of constants.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-148">For example, the `MessageBox` API shown in this walkthrough accepts an integer argument called `Typ` that controls how the message box is displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-148">For example, the `MessageBox` API shown in this walkthrough accepts an integer argument called `Typ` that controls how the message box is displayed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-149">You can determine the numeric value of these constants by examining the `#define` statements in the file WinUser.h.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-149">You can determine the numeric value of these constants by examining the `#define` statements in the file WinUser.h.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-150">The numeric values are generally shown in hexadecimal, so you may want to use a calculator to add them and convert to decimal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-150">The numeric values are generally shown in hexadecimal, so you may want to use a calculator to add them and convert to decimal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-151">For example, if you want to combine the constants for the exclamation style `MB_ICONEXCLAMATION` 0x00000030 and the Yes/No style `MB_YESNO` 0x00000004, you can add the numbers and get a result of 0x00000034, or 52 decimal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-151">For example, if you want to combine the constants for the exclamation style `MB_ICONEXCLAMATION` 0x00000030 and the Yes/No style `MB_YESNO` 0x00000004, you can add the numbers and get a result of 0x00000034, or 52 decimal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-152">Although you can use the decimal result directly, it is better to declare these values as constants in your application and combine them using the `Or` operator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-152">Although you can use the decimal result directly, it is better to declare these values as constants in your application and combine them using the `Or` operator.</span></span>  
  
##### <a name="to-declare-constants-for-windows-api-calls"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-153">To declare constants for Windows API calls</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-153">To declare constants for Windows API calls</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-154">Consult the documentation for the Windows function you are calling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-154">Consult the documentation for the Windows function you are calling.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-155">Determine the name of the constants it uses and the name of the .h file that contains the numeric values for these constants.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-155">Determine the name of the constants it uses and the name of the .h file that contains the numeric values for these constants.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-156">Use a text editor, such as Notepad, to view the contents of the header (.h) file, and find the values associated with the constants you are using.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-156">Use a text editor, such as Notepad, to view the contents of the header (.h) file, and find the values associated with the constants you are using.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-157">For example, the `MessageBox` API uses the constant `MB_ICONQUESTION` to show a question mark in the message box.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-157">For example, the `MessageBox` API uses the constant `MB_ICONQUESTION` to show a question mark in the message box.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-158">The definition for `MB_ICONQUESTION` is in WinUser.h and appears as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-158">The definition for `MB_ICONQUESTION` is in WinUser.h and appears as follows:</span></span>  
  
     `#define MB_ICONQUESTION             0x00000020L`  
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-159">Add equivalent `Const` statements to your class or module to make these constants available to your application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-159">Add equivalent `Const` statements to your class or module to make these constants available to your application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-160">Пример:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-160">For example:</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#11](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#11)]  
  
###### <a name="to-call-the-dll-procedure"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-161">To call the DLL procedure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-161">To call the DLL procedure</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-162">Add a button named `Button1` to the startup form for your project, and then double-click it to view its code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-162">Add a button named `Button1` to the startup form for your project, and then double-click it to view its code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-163">The event handler for the button is displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-163">The event handler for the button is displayed.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-164">Add code to the `Click` event handler for the button you added, to call the procedure and provide the appropriate arguments:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-164">Add code to the `Click` event handler for the button you added, to call the procedure and provide the appropriate arguments:</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#12](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#12)]  
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-165">Run the project by pressing F5.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-165">Run the project by pressing F5.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-166">The message box is displayed with both **Yes** and **No** response buttons.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-166">The message box is displayed with both **Yes** and **No** response buttons.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-167">Click either one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-167">Click either one.</span></span>  
  
#### <a name="data-marshaling"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-168">Data Marshaling</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-168">Data Marshaling</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-169">Visual Basic automatically converts the data types of parameters and return values for Windows API calls, but you can use the `MarshalAs` attribute to explicitly specify unmanaged data types that an API expects.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-169">Visual Basic automatically converts the data types of parameters and return values for Windows API calls, but you can use the `MarshalAs` attribute to explicitly specify unmanaged data types that an API expects.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-170">For more information about interop marshaling, see [Interop Marshaling](../../../framework/interop/interop-marshaling.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-170">For more information about interop marshaling, see [Interop Marshaling](../../../framework/interop/interop-marshaling.md).</span></span>  
  
##### <a name="to-use-declare-and-marshalas-in-an-api-call"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-171">To use Declare and MarshalAs in an API call</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-171">To use Declare and MarshalAs in an API call</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-172">Determine the name of the function you want to call, plus its arguments, data types, and return value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-172">Determine the name of the function you want to call, plus its arguments, data types, and return value.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-173">To simplify access to the `MarshalAs` attribute, add an `Imports` statement to the top of the code for the class or module, as in the following example:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-173">To simplify access to the `MarshalAs` attribute, add an `Imports` statement to the top of the code for the class or module, as in the following example:</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#13](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#13)]  
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-174">Add a function prototype for the imported function to the class or module you are using, and apply the `MarshalAs` attribute to the parameters or return value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-174">Add a function prototype for the imported function to the class or module you are using, and apply the `MarshalAs` attribute to the parameters or return value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-175">In the following example, an API call that expects the type `void*` is marshaled as `AsAny`:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-175">In the following example, an API call that expects the type `void*` is marshaled as `AsAny`:</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#14](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#14)]  
  
## <a name="api-calls-using-dllimport"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-176">API Calls Using DllImport</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-176">API Calls Using DllImport</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-177">The `DllImport` attribute provides a second way to call functions in DLLs without type libraries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-177">The `DllImport` attribute provides a second way to call functions in DLLs without type libraries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-178">`DllImport` is roughly equivalent to using a `Declare` statement but provides more control over how functions are called.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-178">`DllImport` is roughly equivalent to using a `Declare` statement but provides more control over how functions are called.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-179">You can use `DllImport` with most Windows API calls as long as the call refers to a shared (sometimes called *static*) method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-179">You can use `DllImport` with most Windows API calls as long as the call refers to a shared (sometimes called *static*) method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-180">You cannot use methods that require an instance of a class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-180">You cannot use methods that require an instance of a class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-181">Unlike `Declare` statements, `DllImport` calls cannot use the `MarshalAs` attribute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-181">Unlike `Declare` statements, `DllImport` calls cannot use the `MarshalAs` attribute.</span></span>  
  
### <a name="to-call-a-windows-api-using-the-dllimport-attribute"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-182">To call a Windows API using the DllImport attribute</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-182">To call a Windows API using the DllImport attribute</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-183">Open a new Windows Application project by clicking **New** on the **File** menu, and then clicking **Project**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-183">Open a new Windows Application project by clicking **New** on the **File** menu, and then clicking **Project**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-184">Откроется диалоговое окно **Новый проект** .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-184">The **New Project** dialog box appears.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-185">Select **Windows Application** from the list of Visual Basic project templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-185">Select **Windows Application** from the list of Visual Basic project templates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-186">The new project is displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-186">The new project is displayed.</span></span>  
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-187">Add a button named `Button2` to the startup form.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-187">Add a button named `Button2` to the startup form.</span></span>  
  
4. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-188">Double-click `Button2` to open the code view for the form.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-188">Double-click `Button2` to open the code view for the form.</span></span>  
  
5. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-189">To simplify access to `DllImport`, add an `Imports` statement to the top of the code for the startup form class:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-189">To simplify access to `DllImport`, add an `Imports` statement to the top of the code for the startup form class:</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#13](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#13)]  
  
6. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-190">Declare an empty function preceding the `End Class` statement for the form, and name the function `MoveFile`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-190">Declare an empty function preceding the `End Class` statement for the form, and name the function `MoveFile`.</span></span>  
  
7. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-191">Apply the `Public` and `Shared` modifiers to the function declaration and set parameters for `MoveFile` based on the arguments the Windows API function uses:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-191">Apply the `Public` and `Shared` modifiers to the function declaration and set parameters for `MoveFile` based on the arguments the Windows API function uses:</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#16](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#16)]  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-192">Your function can have any valid procedure name; the `DllImport` attribute specifies the name in the DLL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-192">Your function can have any valid procedure name; the `DllImport` attribute specifies the name in the DLL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-193">It also handles interoperability marshaling for the parameters and return values, so you can choose Visual Studio data types that are similar to the data types the API uses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-193">It also handles interoperability marshaling for the parameters and return values, so you can choose Visual Studio data types that are similar to the data types the API uses.</span></span>  
  
8. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-194">Apply the `DllImport` attribute to the empty function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-194">Apply the `DllImport` attribute to the empty function.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-195">The first parameter is the name and location of the DLL containing the function you are calling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-195">The first parameter is the name and location of the DLL containing the function you are calling.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-196">You do not need to specify the path for files located in the Windows system directories.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-196">You do not need to specify the path for files located in the Windows system directories.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-197">The second parameter is a named argument that specifies the name of the function in the Windows API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-197">The second parameter is a named argument that specifies the name of the function in the Windows API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-198">In this example, the `DllImport` attribute forces calls to `MoveFile` to be forwarded to `MoveFileW` in KERNEL32.DLL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-198">In this example, the `DllImport` attribute forces calls to `MoveFile` to be forwarded to `MoveFileW` in KERNEL32.DLL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-199">The `MoveFileW` method copies a file from the path `src` to the path `dst`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-199">The `MoveFileW` method copies a file from the path `src` to the path `dst`.</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#17](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#17)]  
  
9. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-200">Add code to the `Button2_Click` event handler to call the function:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-200">Add code to the `Button2_Click` event handler to call the function:</span></span>  
  
     [!code-vb[VbVbalrInterop#18](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrInterop/VB/Class1.vb#18)]  
  
10. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-201">Create a file named Test.txt and place it in the C:\Tmp directory on your hard drive.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-201">Create a file named Test.txt and place it in the C:\Tmp directory on your hard drive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-202">Create the Tmp directory if necessary.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-202">Create the Tmp directory if necessary.</span></span>  
  
11. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-203">Нажмите клавишу F5 для запуска приложения.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-203">Press F5 to start the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-204">The main form appears.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-204">The main form appears.</span></span>  
  
12. <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-205">Click **Button2**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-205">Click **Button2**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-206">The message "The file was moved successfully" is displayed if the file can be moved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-206">The message "The file was moved successfully" is displayed if the file can be moved.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-207">См. также</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-207">See also</span></span>

- <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.DllImportAttribute>
- <xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.MarshalAsAttribute>
- [<span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-208">Оператор Declare</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-208">Declare Statement</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/declare-statement.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-209">Auto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-209">Auto</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/modifiers/auto.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-210">Alias</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-210">Alias</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/alias-clause.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-211">COM-взаимодействие</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-211">COM Interop</span></span>](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/com-interop/index.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-212">Создание прототипов в управляемом коде</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-212">Creating Prototypes in Managed Code</span></span>](../../../framework/interop/creating-prototypes-in-managed-code.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="1bcd1-213">Маршалинг делегата как метода обратного вызова</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="1bcd1-213">Marshaling a Delegate as a Callback Method</span></span>](../../../framework/interop/marshaling-a-delegate-as-a-callback-method.md)
