---
title: Implementing IEnumerable
ms.date: 07/31/2018
helpviewer_keywords:
- control flow [Visual Basic]
- enumerable interfaces
- loop structures [Visual Basic], optimizing performance
- control flow [Visual Basic]
ms.assetid: c60d7589-51f2-4463-a2d5-22506bbc1554
ms.openlocfilehash: f40fcf7e0724addc478b261dcd36d09e1d8a751a
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ru-RU
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74333690"
---
# <a name="walkthrough-implementing-ienumerableof-t-in-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="fafa1-102">Пошаговое руководство. Реализация IEnumerable(Of T) в Visual Basic</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-102">Walkthrough: Implementing IEnumerable(Of T) in Visual Basic</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="fafa1-103">The <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601> interface is implemented by classes that can return a sequence of values one item at a time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-103">The <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601> interface is implemented by classes that can return a sequence of values one item at a time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-104">The advantage of returning data one item at a time is that you do not have to load the complete set of data into memory to work with it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-104">The advantage of returning data one item at a time is that you do not have to load the complete set of data into memory to work with it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-105">You only have to use sufficient memory to load a single item from the data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-105">You only have to use sufficient memory to load a single item from the data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-106">Classes that implement the `IEnumerable(T)` interface can be used with `For Each` loops or LINQ queries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-106">Classes that implement the `IEnumerable(T)` interface can be used with `For Each` loops or LINQ queries.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-107">For example, consider an application that must read a large text file and return each line from the file that matches particular search criteria.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-107">For example, consider an application that must read a large text file and return each line from the file that matches particular search criteria.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-108">The application uses a LINQ query to return lines from the file that match the specified criteria.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-108">The application uses a LINQ query to return lines from the file that match the specified criteria.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-109">To query the contents of the file by using a LINQ query, the application could load the contents of the file into an array or a collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-109">To query the contents of the file by using a LINQ query, the application could load the contents of the file into an array or a collection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-110">However, loading the whole file into an array or collection would consume far more memory than is required.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-110">However, loading the whole file into an array or collection would consume far more memory than is required.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-111">The LINQ query could instead query the file contents by using an enumerable class, returning only values that match the search criteria.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-111">The LINQ query could instead query the file contents by using an enumerable class, returning only values that match the search criteria.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-112">Queries that return only a few matching values would consume far less memory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-112">Queries that return only a few matching values would consume far less memory.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-113">You can create a class that implements the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601> interface to expose source data as enumerable data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-113">You can create a class that implements the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601> interface to expose source data as enumerable data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-114">Your class that implements the `IEnumerable(T)` interface will require another class that implements the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerator%601> interface to iterate through the source data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-114">Your class that implements the `IEnumerable(T)` interface will require another class that implements the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerator%601> interface to iterate through the source data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-115">These two classes enable you to return items of data sequentially as a specific type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-115">These two classes enable you to return items of data sequentially as a specific type.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-116">In this walkthrough, you will create a class that implements the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface and a class that implements the `IEnumerator(Of String)` interface to read a text file one line at a time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-116">In this walkthrough, you will create a class that implements the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface and a class that implements the `IEnumerator(Of String)` interface to read a text file one line at a time.</span></span>  
  
[!INCLUDE[note_settings_general](~/includes/note-settings-general-md.md)]  
  
## <a name="creating-the-enumerable-class"></a><span data-ttu-id="fafa1-117">Creating the Enumerable Class</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-117">Creating the Enumerable Class</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="fafa1-118">**Create the enumerable class project**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-118">**Create the enumerable class project**</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-119">In Visual Basic, on the **File** menu, point to **New** and then click **Project**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-119">In Visual Basic, on the **File** menu, point to **New** and then click **Project**.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-120">Убедитесь, что в диалоговом окне **Создание проекта** в области **Типы проектов** выбран пункт **Windows**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-120">In the **New Project** dialog box, in the **Project Types** pane, make sure that **Windows** is selected.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-121">Выберите **Библиотеки классов** в области **Шаблоны**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-121">Select **Class Library** in the **Templates** pane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-122">В поле **Имя** введите `StreamReaderEnumerable` и нажмите кнопку **ОК**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-122">In the **Name** box, type `StreamReaderEnumerable`, and then click **OK**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-123">The new project is displayed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-123">The new project is displayed.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-124">In **Solution Explorer**, right-click the Class1.vb file and click **Rename**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-124">In **Solution Explorer**, right-click the Class1.vb file and click **Rename**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-125">Измените имя файла на `StreamReaderEnumerable.vb` и нажмите клавишу ВВОД.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-125">Rename the file to `StreamReaderEnumerable.vb` and press ENTER.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-126">При переименовании файла класс также будет переименован в `StreamReaderEnumerable`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-126">Renaming the file will also rename the class to `StreamReaderEnumerable`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-127">Этот класс реализует интерфейс `IEnumerable(Of String)`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-127">This class will implement the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface.</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-128">Right-click the StreamReaderEnumerable project, point to **Add**, and then click **New Item**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-128">Right-click the StreamReaderEnumerable project, point to **Add**, and then click **New Item**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-129">Select the **Class** template.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-129">Select the **Class** template.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-130">In the **Name** box, type `StreamReaderEnumerator.vb` and click **OK**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-130">In the **Name** box, type `StreamReaderEnumerator.vb` and click **OK**.</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-131">The first class in this project is the enumerable class and will implement the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-131">The first class in this project is the enumerable class and will implement the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-132">This generic interface implements the <xref:System.Collections.IEnumerable> interface and guarantees that consumers of this class can access values typed as `String`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-132">This generic interface implements the <xref:System.Collections.IEnumerable> interface and guarantees that consumers of this class can access values typed as `String`.</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="fafa1-133">**Add the code to implement IEnumerable**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-133">**Add the code to implement IEnumerable**</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-134">Open the StreamReaderEnumerable.vb file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-134">Open the StreamReaderEnumerable.vb file.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-135">On the line after `Public Class StreamReaderEnumerable`, type the following and press ENTER.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-135">On the line after `Public Class StreamReaderEnumerable`, type the following and press ENTER.</span></span>

     [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#1](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/StreamReaderIterator.vb#1)]

   <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-136">Visual Basic automatically populates the class with the members that are required by the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-136">Visual Basic automatically populates the class with the members that are required by the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface.</span></span>
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-137">This enumerable class will read lines from a text file one line at a time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-137">This enumerable class will read lines from a text file one line at a time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-138">Add the following code to the class to expose a public constructor that takes a file path as an input parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-138">Add the following code to the class to expose a public constructor that takes a file path as an input parameter.</span></span>

     [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#2](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/StreamReaderIterator.vb#2)]

4. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-139">Your implementation of the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601.GetEnumerator%2A> method of the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface will return a new instance of the `StreamReaderEnumerator` class.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-139">Your implementation of the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601.GetEnumerator%2A> method of the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface will return a new instance of the `StreamReaderEnumerator` class.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-140">The implementation of the `GetEnumerator` method of the `IEnumerable` interface can be made `Private`, because you have to expose only members of the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-140">The implementation of the `GetEnumerator` method of the `IEnumerable` interface can be made `Private`, because you have to expose only members of the `IEnumerable(Of String)` interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-141">Replace the code that Visual Basic generated for the `GetEnumerator` methods with the following code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-141">Replace the code that Visual Basic generated for the `GetEnumerator` methods with the following code.</span></span>

     [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#3](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/StreamReaderIterator.vb#3)]  
  
<span data-ttu-id="fafa1-142">**Add the code to implement IEnumerator**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-142">**Add the code to implement IEnumerator**</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-143">Open the StreamReaderEnumerator.vb file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-143">Open the StreamReaderEnumerator.vb file.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-144">On the line after `Public Class StreamReaderEnumerator`, type the following and press ENTER.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-144">On the line after `Public Class StreamReaderEnumerator`, type the following and press ENTER.</span></span>

     [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#4](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/StreamReaderIterator.vb#4)]

   <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-145">Visual Basic automatically populates the class with the members that are required by the `IEnumerator(Of String)` interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-145">Visual Basic automatically populates the class with the members that are required by the `IEnumerator(Of String)` interface.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-146">The enumerator class opens the text file and performs the file I/O to read the lines from the file.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-146">The enumerator class opens the text file and performs the file I/O to read the lines from the file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-147">Add the following code to the class to expose a public constructor that takes a file path as an input parameter and open the text file for reading.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-147">Add the following code to the class to expose a public constructor that takes a file path as an input parameter and open the text file for reading.</span></span>

     [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#5](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/StreamReaderIterator.vb#5)]

4. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-148">The `Current` properties for both the `IEnumerator(Of String)` and `IEnumerator` interfaces return the current item from the text file as a `String`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-148">The `Current` properties for both the `IEnumerator(Of String)` and `IEnumerator` interfaces return the current item from the text file as a `String`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-149">The implementation of the `Current` property of the `IEnumerator` interface can be made `Private`, because you have to expose only members of the `IEnumerator(Of String)` interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-149">The implementation of the `Current` property of the `IEnumerator` interface can be made `Private`, because you have to expose only members of the `IEnumerator(Of String)` interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-150">Replace the code that Visual Basic generated for the `Current` properties with the following code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-150">Replace the code that Visual Basic generated for the `Current` properties with the following code.</span></span>

     [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#6](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/StreamReaderIterator.vb#6)]

5. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-151">The `MoveNext` method of the `IEnumerator` interface navigates to the next item in the text file and updates the value that is returned by the `Current` property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-151">The `MoveNext` method of the `IEnumerator` interface navigates to the next item in the text file and updates the value that is returned by the `Current` property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-152">If there are no more items to read, the `MoveNext` method returns `False`; otherwise the `MoveNext` method returns `True`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-152">If there are no more items to read, the `MoveNext` method returns `False`; otherwise the `MoveNext` method returns `True`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-153">Добавьте следующий код в метод `MoveNext` .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-153">Add the following code to the `MoveNext` method.</span></span>

     [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#7](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/StreamReaderIterator.vb#7)]

6. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-154">The `Reset` method of the `IEnumerator` interface directs the iterator to point to the start of the text file and clears the current item value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-154">The `Reset` method of the `IEnumerator` interface directs the iterator to point to the start of the text file and clears the current item value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-155">Добавьте следующий код в метод `Reset` .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-155">Add the following code to the `Reset` method.</span></span>

     [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#8](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/StreamReaderIterator.vb#8)]

7. <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-156">The `Dispose` method of the `IEnumerator` interface guarantees that all unmanaged resources are released before the iterator is destroyed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-156">The `Dispose` method of the `IEnumerator` interface guarantees that all unmanaged resources are released before the iterator is destroyed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-157">The file handle that is used by the `StreamReader` object is an unmanaged resource and must be closed before the iterator instance is destroyed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-157">The file handle that is used by the `StreamReader` object is an unmanaged resource and must be closed before the iterator instance is destroyed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-158">Replace the code that Visual Basic generated for the `Dispose` method with the following code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-158">Replace the code that Visual Basic generated for the `Dispose` method with the following code.</span></span>

     [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#9](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/StreamReaderIterator.vb#9)] 
  
## <a name="using-the-sample-iterator"></a><span data-ttu-id="fafa1-159">Using the Sample Iterator</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-159">Using the Sample Iterator</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-160">You can use an enumerable class in your code together with control structures that require an object that implements `IEnumerable`, such as a `For Next` loop or a LINQ query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-160">You can use an enumerable class in your code together with control structures that require an object that implements `IEnumerable`, such as a `For Next` loop or a LINQ query.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-161">The following example shows the `StreamReaderEnumerable` in a LINQ query.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-161">The following example shows the `StreamReaderEnumerable` in a LINQ query.</span></span>  
  
 [!code-vb[VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough#10](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/VbVbalrIteratorWalkthrough/VB/Module1.vb#10)]  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="fafa1-162">См. также</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-162">See also</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="fafa1-163">[Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md) (Знакомство с LINQ в Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-163">[Introduction to LINQ in Visual Basic](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/linq/introduction-to-linq.md)</span></span>
- [<span data-ttu-id="fafa1-164">Поток управления</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-164">Control Flow</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/control-flow/index.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="fafa1-165">Циклические структуры</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-165">Loop Structures</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/language-features/control-flow/loop-structures.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="fafa1-166">Оператор For Each...Next</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="fafa1-166">For Each...Next Statement</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/language-reference/statements/for-each-next-statement.md)
